Crush 

The day begins with Ron searching in his locker for Rufus. After Rufus is found, Ron notices Kim staring across the hallway, enraptured. Ron turns around and sees that it is Josh Mankey that Kim is staring at. Neither he nor Rufus are impressed by Josh.

Kim approaches Josh, but just ends up rambling. Kim then announces her intentions to Ron about wanting to ask Josh to the Spirit Week Dance. Ron states that Josh will feel weird going with them, since they always go together. To this, Kim responds saying that she wants a date this time, rather than attending with a friend. Hearing this, Ron announces that he will also bring a date to the dance. Wade calls Kim to inform her of a situation in Tokyo involving her arch nemesis, Dr. Drakken. Kim and Ron then hitch a ride with Britina to Tokyo. On the flight Ron makes his first failed attempt at getting a date for the dance.

Upon arriving in Tokyo, Kim and Ron are introduced to Nakasumi San and informed that his factory has been taken over, with its two workers are trapped inside. As Kim and Ron infiltrate the factory, Ron comes to the conclusion that Drakken is trying to steal Christmas. Although, Kim is doubtful and is convinced that it's a plot to take over the world. Kim and Ron locate the hostages and Kim gives Ron the Kimmunicator so he can distract Drakken while she frees the hostages. Ron's distraction works and Kim is able to free both hostages. Drakken discovers Kim and Ron and prepares to tell her his plan, however Shego interrupts, pointing out that whenever he does this, Kim wins. Drakken then activates a series of cables, which are attached to the factory's production line and proceeds to escape with the production line, his henchmen, and Shego by helicopter.

The next morning Kim is at breakfast with her father as he reads in the paper about Kim's exploits the previous evening. Kim starts telling her dad about the Josh situation and how she wants to take him to the dance. Kim begins telling her mom about Josh, which Jim and Tim interrupt saying Kim should send Josh an anonymous email through Sweden. Dad then recalls that Jim and Tim's principal has been getting anonymous emails from Sweden, at which point the boys disappear. Kim's mom then gives Kim some advice on how to talk to Josh.

Kim tries several times throughout the day to ask Josh out, but is unable to. Ron, likewise, tries several times to find a date, but is rejected each time. Kim plans to talk to Josh as he paints a banner for the dance; however Bonnie's arrival causes Kim to decide to ask him after cheer practice. During practice, the Kimmunicator rings and the distraction causes Kim to fall over, ripping Josh's banner.

Kim and Ron follow a tip on Drakken's newest lair, which leads them to a fortress deep in a snowy mountain region. Wade is unable to shut down the sensor beams around it. However he is able to increase the beams frequency, thus making them visible to the human eye. As Kim announces they can't touch the beams, Ron crashes into her and both head into the field of laser beams. They manage to avoid the beams, but Rufus slides into one, setting off an alarm and causing them to be captured. Kim and Ron are then taken inside Drakken's lair and surrounded by henchmen. Kim leaps over the henchmen to fight Shego on a catwalk above them. As the henchmen close in on Ron, he calls for help. Kim proceeds to throws him a tin of lip gloss. Ron threatens the henchmen with the tin, causing them to burst out laughing. Kim tells Ron to hold his breath and open the lid, which he does, releasing a potent stink which knocks out the henchmen. Kim then uses the lip gloss on Shego, knocking her out as well. Drakken appears and Ron tells him he knows of his plan to steal Christmas, which Drakken dismisses.

Drakken uses the factory assembly line he stole to form the ultimate robot warrior. As Drakken begins his rampage around his lair, Kim calls Wade who informs her that Nakasumi built an override into his factory's system. Ron distracts Drakken while Kim climbs up the robot's back, searching for the override. As Drakken attempts to remove Kim from his back, he inadvertently reveals the override switch. Kim plugs the Kimmunicator into the override and Wade begins hacking into the robot. Ron attempts a flying kick on the robot, but is caught in mid-air by Drakken. As Ron hangs upside down, Rufus falls out of his pocket. Kim uses her hair dryer to swing down and rescue Rufus. As Drakken prepares to vaporize Kim, Wade gains control of the robot and uses it to hang Drakken upside down like Ron.

However, Shego is quickly able to disable Wade's control of the robot. Both Shego and Kim jump into the cockpit and fight for control over the robot. This causes Drakken and Ron to be flung around on the outside of the robot. During the fight Ron and Drakken are released from the robot's grip and Shego is able to cause Kim to fall out of the cockpit. However, Kim is able to use her hair dryer to entangle the robot's legs during her descent. As the robot tips over, Kim uses her rocket skates to move herself and Ron to safety. On her return to Middleton, Kim plans to ask Josh to the dance. However, as Josh gets closer to her position, Kim freaks out and hides in the janitor's closet. Ron encourages Kim, motivating her to leave the closet and speak to Josh, who ultimately agrees to go with her to the dance. As they walk away together, Ron announces his need for the ride to the dance, however Kim slams the door closed to the janitor's closet. Kim is then seen dancing with Josh at the dance. During the dance the Kimmunicator beeps, but she switches it off and continues to dance with Josh. As the episode ends, it turns out Ron is still trapped in the janitor's closet.

Sink or Swim

The Middleton Cheer Squad is being driven to a cheer competition by Mr. Barkin, but Ron's Mad Dog antics are starting to eat away at certain members of the squad (namely Bonnie). As Kim warns Ron to act 'normal' for a change, Ron begins to notice something familiar about the road they're on. In a sudden panic, Ron calls Wade on the Kimmunicator wanting a GPS lock on his position. Wade obliges and the data confirms Ron worst fears - they are near Camp Wannaweep.

Ron urges Mr Barkin to drive fast and explains the camp is the site of his worst summer ever and that he would never come back. Suddenly the bus drives over some tire spikes, causing the bus to come to a halt outside the main gates to Camp Wannaweep. Barkin informs the team that the bus has two flats and that they need to call for help. As such the girls all pull out cellphones only to find there is no signal and even the Kimmunicator is not working. Barkin tells Ron to lead them to a phone in the camp. It then dawns in Ron that he is in charge for once, according he declares to the team only he knows how to survive the dangers of Camp Wannaweep. The team enters the camp only to discover the phone is out of order. Tara recalls that their situation is just like from horror films, innocent teens trapped in the woods getting picked off one by one. Kim is quick to dispel that idea and even Bonnie agrees, as if it were a movie there would be more guys. Kim announces that they're stuck for the night and might as well make the best of it.

As the team sits around the campfire Ron tells them stories of his time at Camp Wannaweep. Barkin tells Ron to stop, when Ron notices a rustle in the bushes. As Ron goes to investigate, Kim tells him to relax and enjoy the campfire. As they leave the bushes a swamp creature appears briefly watching the team. Kim and Barkin soon leave in search of more firewood, citing they can’t stand to listen to another of Ron’s stories. As Barkin and Kim wander into the forest, the swamp creature follows them. Back at the campfire Ron tells the story of the lake at Camp Wannaweep. In the story, Ron recalls how he did not want to go swimming in the lake due to the fact it was green, it smelled and he had seen the fish glowing at night. Ron ended up trading his afternoon swim with a kid called Gil and Ron taking Gil's spot in arts and crafts. Back in the forest as Kim and Barkin collect firewood, Kim hears a noise. Barkin dismisses this, saying Ron’s stories must be getting to her. Suddenly a creature grabs Barkin's leg and pulls him into the bushes. Kim notices Barkin has vanished and calls out to him, but there is no response. As Kim returns to the campfire she asks the rest of the team if they have seen Barkin. Kim asks where Liz and Marcello have gone, when suddenly two screams are heard. As Kim and Ron rush to the site, they find no trace of the girls and only a strange footprint in the dirt. Ron decides they must move to his old stronghold Cabin 13. As Kim and Ron debate over who is in charge, Barkin is heard calling out from the forest. Kim and Ron race out to find Barkin covered in green slime, talking about a strange creature that oozed muck. Suddenly screams are heard from the rest of the team. Kim, Ron and Barkin run back to Cabin 13 to find it in ruins, the rest of the team pinned to the walls by green slime and the mysterious creature. The creature then revels itself to be Gil (who now calls himself Gill). Gill then traps Kim in his slime and tells Ron he knows all about how great Ron's life is. Gill reveals that the lake was toxic and the reason for his mutation. Gill also tells the team that he jammed their cellphones and caused the bus to crash in order to get his revenge on Ron. As Gill advances on Ron, Ron escapes through a tunnel in the floor of the cabin, as this happens Barkin starts to mutate due to contact with Gill's slime. Ron’s tunnel emerges into the arts and crafts building and he begins collecting supplies. Gill suddenly bursts through the floor and begins shooting slime throughout the room. But once again Ron is able to escape.

Ron is then seen building a net from rope, while Rufus fixes an outboard motor on a motorboat. Ron and Rufus then take off across the lake in the motorboat. Gill hears the engine start and heads off after Ron. Suddenly the boat's engine dies and Ron complains it's out of gas. Gill then appears next to the boat, so Ron dives into the lake. As Gill and Ron fight in the water a rope slips onto Gill’s leg. Ron grabs the rope and tells Rufus to start the engine. The boat then hurtles across the lake with Gill in tow, until it crashes into the dock leaving Gill high and dry.

The next morning Biohazard teams arrive to decontaminate the squad. Kim introduces Ron to Dr Lurkin, who they hope is able to reverse Gill’s mutation. As Gill is taken away, in a giant fish bowl, he once again vows revenge on Ron. As the squad leaves the camp they all thank Ron and Tara even kisses him on the cheek. As Ron takes one last look at the camp, Kim comes over and congratulates him for saving everyone. As they leave Ron asks if he can call the shots on their next mission, however Kim's response is that that's ferociously unlikely.

The New Ron

Kim calls in a favor to get Ron a stylish new haircut, which Ron vehemently dislikes until girls begin to notice him because of it. While in Paris (where Ron is buying hair gel), the two find that massive power outages have been popping up across western Europe, eventually tracing the source of the blackouts to an island inhabited by an elderly billionaire and his spoiled son. While Kim instructs Senior on the finer points of energy conservation, Ron discusses hair care with Junior, and eventually comments that Senior's island would make a great villainous lair. Although initially put off by Ron's suggestions, Senior ultimately decides that villainy would be an interesting hobby.

Back in Middleton, Ron, in typical Ron fashion, has gotten a completely swelled head thanks to his new, cool haircut, getting new clothes to complete the look. He turns into a babe magnet with many girls blatantly staring at him dreamily. He stops answering his phone or pager, and even hands Rufus over to Kim because his new pants have no pockets. Wade sends Kim a video of the Seniors threatening to suck up all of Europe's power unless the continent relinquishes its "nice little islands" to them.

Kim and Ron head back to the Seniors' island, only to find that it's been turned into a lair based on Ron's earlier suggestions. While Kim contends with the traps Senior has installed, Ron goes after Junior, who's about to fire a missile at Middleton. They get into a fight in which they muss up each other's hair, pause to fix it, and then go right back at it. Eventually, Rufus styled Ron's hair back to normal, and then kicked Junior's comb into the ocean.

Junior was about to jump for the comb, until, Ron told him to "use the stairs." While Junior ran down the stairs for his comb, Ron deactivates the missiles and decides to keep his old haircut.

Ron then was able to rescue Kim from all of the Spinning Tops Of Doom, which he suggested, until they all broke, and destroyed quite a lot of this lair/house.

The Seniors elude capture thanks to a secret grotto with a speedboat (another suggestion of Ron's), and when our heroes return to Middleton, Ron has gone back to his old self, which completely wrecks his ability to interest girls.

Tick-Tick-Tick

While trying to print her term paper in time for class, Kim Possible lands herself in detention for being tardy for the third time in a month, courtesy of Mr. Barkin. For Kim, this is a huge deal due to her status as a cheerleader and how it might make her look, however, these worries are put on hold when Wade informs her of an incident in the Amazon.

When they arrive Wade reveals some security camera footage that reveals an unknown thief. A bug researcher named Professor Acari has had his experimental robotic tick stolen by this thief for an unknown purpose. It is later revealed that the thief is named Shego, a criminal wanted in eleven countries who is working under the employment of Dr. Drakken.

Back in Middleton, Kim serves her first block of detention in Room 12 with a trio of other teens not of the same caliber as her on the school hierarchy - Junior, Vinnie and Big Mike. Thankfully, her suffering is cut short by a plan hatched out by Ron and Rufus. Rufus poses as a rampaging mutant that has broken free from the science labs. Freaking Mr. Barkin out and resulting in the students evacuating the room.

Free from her detention, Kim and Ron meet at Bueno Nacho. There, Wade gives them an update about a villain's lair in the Caribbean that links back to Shego, as well as informing Kim of a new gadget he has provided her with - an Elastic Constricting Agent disguised as lipstick. Which Ron promptly uses on himself before hearing Wade's full explanation.

Kim and Ron head to the Caribbean lair, but are immediately captured by, and introduced to, Dr. Drakken who plans to feed them to his man-eating sharks. He releases Kim and Ron into the shark-pool before heading off to work on his newest invention. Kim manages to restrain the sharks with her new lipstick. Her and Ron get out of the shark pool and sneak around the lair. Meanwhile, Drakken tells Shego how he plans to combine the robotic tick with his own nano-explosive as a weapon. Once attached to a victim, they would be at his mercy. While Drakken is revealing his plan to Shego Kim manages to retrieve the plans for the robotic tick. Based on his ranting to Shego Kim decides Drakken certainly belongs in the "mad scientist" category. Shego catches Kim and Ron sneaking around, and Drakken enables his remote controlled lasers in another attempt to dispose of Kim and Ron. Armed with her compact mirror Kim manages to deflect the laser beams - which results in Drakken's lair exploding. Her and Ron flee Drakken's lair safely.

Upon returning to Middleton High, Ron comments on how Kim seems to be connecting with the detention guys. Kim retorts otherwise and heads off to cheer-leading practice. On her way she receives a thanks on the Kimmunicator from Professor Acari for returning his plans. Kim is keen to get back to cheer-leading practice, but Mr. Barkin puts Kim back into detention after identifying the 'mutant' as a naked mole rat. Embarrassing her in front of the whole squad.

Meanwhile back in the Caribbean, Drakken and Shego discover that the missing tick is at a high school - with Kim Possible.

In detention, the other teens notice a "zit" on Kim's nose that turns out to be Drakken's explosive nano-tick. Immediately Kim ditches detention to find Ron and try to get the tick removed before it explodes. Barkin is less than pleased by her defiance.

Ron meets Kim at the school's entrance on his scooter. Unfortunately for them Drakken as well as Mr. Barkin - with the other detention teens in tow - engage in hot pursuit. Drakken tries to grab Kim from the scooter using his gravatomic ray to lift her into his hovercraft. Ron zig-zags out of the ray's path, but Barkin, so focused on catching Kim takes no notice of it and ends up in its path. Kim manages to save them from the ray by deflecting it using the car's number plate, after she accidentally pulls it off in an attempt to pull down the car.

Her and Ron seek refuge in Bueno Nacho, but Drakken and Shego arrive and Shego uses his gravatomic ray to lift the roof off. Shego immediately enters and confronts Kim, demanding that she give the nano-tick back. Unable to do so, as it is stuck to her face, Drakken tells Shego to take off Kim's nose if she has to. Combat ensues between the two of them. While they fight Ron contacts Wade to find out how to get rid of the tick. Kim manages to throw Shego out of Beuno Nacho - and into Mr. Barkin - as him and the other detention students arrive. In a moment of frustration at Shego's apparent failure, Drakken accidentally activates the nano-ticks detonation sequence. It begins beeping in count-down of an impending explosion. Wade explains to Kim and Ron that the tick is too small to disarm, and thus the only way to remove the tick would be to burn the circuits. In a moment of quick-thinking, Ron decides that Beuno Nacho's infamous Diablo Sauce, "the most dangerous chemical known to modern man", should do the trick. Ned tosses him a sachet of it. He opens it, leans towards Kim, preparing to use it on the tick - but they are immediately interrupted by Shego. Big Mike intervenes and incapacitates Shego by sitting on her. Kim shares a brief and awkward exchange with Big Mike before Ron returns to the process of using the hot sauce on the tick in an attempt to fry it's circuits. Ron successfully loosens the tick from Kim's face, sucking it up into a straw. He then panics, uncertain what to do as the tick gets ever closer to exploding. Kim grabs the straw from him and uses it to shoot the tick up into Drakken's hovercraft. In the nick of time Drakken jumps out of the hovercraft and grabs onto Beuno Nacho's taco sign as his vehicle explodes and as law enforcement arrives.

Even though Drakken is thwarted, Kim still has to serve her detention time. But this time she's made friends with the very people she previously deemed not cool, countering Barkin's objective of making detention a period of quiet suffering. Ron and Barkin look on as Kim gives manicures to her detention companions.

Downhill

Outside a snowy Middleton High, the sign reads: "Mount Middleton Ski Trip". At the side of the school stands a school bus. Some pupils are going into it, while some others are putting their backpacks into the bus. Barkin stands at one end of the bus and writes down everyone who gets on the bus. Ron arrives carrying a pair of skis and almost hits Kim and another student. They then look at a really sad pupil named Alan Platt going into the bus. The reason he is sad is because his parents is going to chaperone on the ski trip. Kim's mom then shows up to Kim's surprise, saying that Bonnie called her and Mr. Dr. Possible telling them about the need for replacement chaperones. Bonnie takes a picture of them.

Kim then says that Bonnie did it on purpose, to which she "tries to act innocently". Kim's dad, on the other hand, is trying to act cool, which means humiliation nation for Kim.

As the bus drives through the snow-covered mountain landscape, Kim's parents are telling embarrassing stories about her, completely humiliating her. Ron on the other hand, is worried about a snow beast reported in the newspaper, to which Kim gives a sarcastic answer. She tells him that the picture in the newspaper could be anything, and that Ron should not take it seriously. He then tells her that is the point, as the newspaper is giving $5000 to whomever can get a clear photo of the beast. Every person in the bus hears him, and looks at him weirdly, and Barkin asks if Ron really believes it. Kim's parents then begin to sing, making Kim totally humiliated, while Ron sings along.

When they arrive at their ski lodge, Kim's dad makes sure that everyone gets all their stuff, while Barkin asks Ron if he is ready to get that snow beast. Ron is surprised as Barkin explains that he did not want to share the 5000 dollars with the whole class. Barkin then agree to cut Ron in for two percent of the 5000 dollars. Kim is continuing to get humiliated by her parents as they continue to tell her classmates more embarrassing stuff about her. Bonnie, on the other hand, is really enjoying herself, and continues to take pictures of Kim and her parents.

Ron and Barkin is walking up the mountain. Ron is very exhausted, while Barkin is not tired at all. They then stop, as Barkin is hearing something. A terrible scream then come, shaking trees and making Barkin and Ron almost fall. Ron and Barkin then says out "Snow Beast!" at the same time, in a happy tone, and heads to where the scream comes from. They then start to follow it, before seeing a shadow flying over them, and then a big crash behind them. This causes Ron and Barkin to fall over the edge, and slide down the snow-covered mountainside, before heading of a cliff and falling some meters into the snow below. They manage to get up from the snow, and hear the same scream again, and some very heavy footsteps. Barkin makes the camera ready, as a shadow approaches. Ron screams, but Barkin tells him to calm down, as it is only a woman. We then get to see this woman, who is a little big in the edges. She also has black hair and glasses as well. They then talk a bit with her, and she asks if they believe in the snow-beast, to which they assure her that they don't. She also introduces herself as Amy Hall. She is trying to hit on Barkin. Ron tries to play matchmaker as soon as he notices, much to the dismay of Barkin. They then head back to the lodge, as we hear some giant footsteps, and see a large monster jumping past, with big rodent teeth and whiskers, and it screams out, which allows us to see that it has long ears and two horn-like growths on its nose, but it is only a silhouette, so we don't see any facial details.

Back outside the lodge, where the rest of the class is, Bonnie is talking to Kim's dad, but Kim interrupts, fearing a humiliation scene coming up. Ron then comes down at high speeds on a snowboard, an as he stops, he manages to shower Bonnie with snow, much to her irritation and Kim's pleasure. Kim then asks if he has found his snow monster, to which Ron hushes her. Amy and Barkin then comes down, and Amy is still hitting on him. Kim then notices a strange-looking stuffed animal that Amy has attached to her jacked, around the center of her chest, saying that it is an Otterfly, a Cuddle Buddy. Amy then asks if Kim collects Cuddle Buddies, to which she replies that she has seen them at the mall, as to not embarrass herself. Kim's mother then comes and says that Kim loves Cuddle Buddies. Amy is really happy for this, and says that she is the president of the Cuddle Buddy Collectors Club, and Bonnie takes a picture of them, which annoys Kim. Amy then asks which of them Kim's favorite is. Kim's mother then says that it is Pandaroo, and that she still sleeps with it, which annoys Kim, and makes Bonnie really happy.

Up at the terrace of the lodge, Kim is standing, looking very angry. She then tells Ron that Bonnie knows about Pandaroo, and that all hope is lost. Ron then borrows the Kimmunicator, and asks Wade about the snow monster sitch. Wade says that he hasn't found anything, and that Barkin gives him 10 percent of the reward if he delivers info, which irritates Ron. Kim then tells how terrible it is to have her parents on the ski trip, and that she is in humiliation nation. Unfortunately, Kim's dad hears this, and gets sad. Barkin then comes and says that they have to go out again before Amy force-feeds him more cocoa.

Up in the mountain, Barkin and Ron is ready for the snow beast. Barkin has the camera ready, and is on the lookout for the beast, and so is Ron and Rufus. Ron is holding the Kimmunicator, with Wade on it. They then discover some really large footprints, which Barkin takes pictures of the footprints, as a shadow moves between the nearby trees. A dog then comes out of the trees. Barkin proceeds to pet it, but it reveals it has a pair of pincers, as well as six lobster legs and a lobster tail. Barkin is about to take a picture of it, when a rumble appears and it runs away. A big monster then jumps out of the trees behind them, and we clearly see that it is the monster we saw from before. We now get to see it in detail, and it looks like a rabbit mixed up with a rhinoceros. Amy then appears with two masked men and the dog-lobster in her hands, and tells the rabbit-rhinoceros to sit still, and it obeys. Barkin then understands that Amy is the owner of these beasts, and Amy then tells the masked men to get the camera. Barkin then takes off one of the monsters' mask, and he understands that it is not a normal man, as the head is that of a pig. Ron takes off the mask of the other "man", and sees that its head is that of a bird. The pig-man then knocks out Barkin, as Amy tells them to take them to her lab. The pig-man and the bird-man then carries off Ron and Barkin, while Amy rides the rabbit-rhino back to her Lab. The Kimmunicator on the other hand, is still lying in the snow, and Wade figures he has to get Kim, and the Kimmunicator then rockets off, with two sled legs on it.

Back at the lodge, Mr. Dr. Possible is building a snowman, as two girls says that he has a nice outfit, to which he answers "groovy". Kim's dad then gets a little angry as Kim comments that reply, and Kim's mother then tells Kim's father that they should go, since they don't want Kim in humiliation nation, with a slightly irritated tone. Kim then realizes that they heard her talking about it, and feels bad. But then the Kimmunicator comes down, and Wade tells Kim that something has happened.

At Amy's lab, the man-creatures are tying up Ron, Barkin, and Rufus, while Amy scolds the rabbit-rhino for wandering around in the mountains. Barkin then asks what kind of place they are at, to which Amy replies that it is her Genetic Engineering Lab, and she shows them her favorite part of it, which is her one hundred percent complete collection of Cuddle Buddies. She then begins to tell what she did after that, as she takes some cookies out of an oven, which was to create living Cuddle Buddies. She then says that she is one of the world's most foremost bio-geneticists, and that she was called DNAmy. Barkin then says that she is "sick and wrong". DNAmy then says that he is a meanie and that she "can fix that", and gets an evil smile on her face.

Kim is snowboarding through the mountains, and stops to ask Wade if he can search the Cuddle Buddy website for Amy, as they have information about every major "cuddlers". Wade asks how she knows that, and she says that she has visited the website a few times. This almost makes Wade laugh. They then find out that she is a bio-geneticist, that she was kicked out of the university because of unorthodox splice experiments, and that her nickname was DNAmy. Wade then proceeds to scan the nearby area for a lab, and he finds a cave with high amounts of artificial reinforcements. Kim then continues to snowboard through the terrain, towards the cave. She then detects a security cam moving back and forth, and manages to get past it undetected.

Back inside DNAmy's lab, she is about to put Barkin and Rufus into a machine, and she tells them that she is going to genetically splice Rufus and Barkin, since he told her she is sick and wrong. They then gets taken into two small rooms. DNAmy is then starting the genetic splice, and the machine gets activated. Kim has come in, and is watching the process from above. She then sees a cat approaching, but it is no ordinary cat, as it has the body of a snake. It then wraps around Kim, and she falls down some stairs to the same floor as DNAmy and the others. The snake-cat gets knocked out from this. She then discovers a Pandaroo Star edition in DNAmy's collection, stating that they only made twelve of them. She then throws two Cuddle Buddies at DNAmy's man-creatures, who is running towards her. The Cuddle Buddies knocks them out. Kim then proceeds to take DNAmy, but she whistles, and the rabbit-rhino arrives and stops Kim. DNAmy then completes the genetic splice between Rufus and Barkin, and a creature which looks like a man-sized Rufus with huge muscles and Barkin's hair then comes out of a third room in between the two that Ron and Barking were taken into before the genetic splice. Kim then plays the rabbit-rhino up against the naked mole man, saying that DNAmy has a new favorite, which works, as the rabbit-rhino lets go of Kim and begins to fight the naked mole man, while DNAmy tries to stop them.

Kim uses the situation to free Ron. As the fight continues, the two mutants begins to destroy DNAmy's lab; Kim then manages to get the naked mole man into the genetic engineering machine, and transforms it back to separate Rufus and Barkin. However, Rufus is wearing Barkin's clothes, while Barkin yells that he needs some pants. They then escapes just as the lair blows up; Barkin puts on a purple dressing gown and slippers. As the lab explodes, Cuddle Buddies starts to rain down. But just as they thought they were safe, an avalanche starts, triggered by the explosion. They then start to run, but they see no hope of outrunning it. But, just as hope seems to have gone, Kim's dad comes in for a miraculous rescue on his homemade rocket snowboard, and they manages to jump over a chasm, and is safe from the avalanche, which plunges into the chasm.

They arrive down at the lodge, and everyone's cheering. DNAmy gets taken into custody (which leaves one to wonder how she survived the explosion). Kim apologizes to her parents for what she said, but Kim's parents, realizing that they had taken things too far in order to be seen as cool by their daughter's peers, apologize (with Mrs. Possible speaking for both herself and her husband) for how they acted by way of explaining that they were teenagers once too, but that they sometimes forget what it's like (such as feeling embarrassed of your parents). As Kim and her mom hug, Bonnie takes a picture of them, and the mother-and-daughter shoot Bonnie an irritated look. Then, behind her, a woman comes out and calls Bonnie's name. Bonnie then cringes as she realizes that it's her own mom. She calls Bonnie stuff like "pumpkin" and "Bon-Bon," which leaves Bonnie in "humiliation nation," while the others enjoy it. Kim's mom then reveals that she called Bonnie's mother, and told her that they needed more chaperones. Kim then tells her mom that she rocks, and her mother replies, "You rock too, Kimmie".

Bueno Nacho

World-saving teen hero Kim Possible wants to buy a trendy new jacket from the clothing store Club Banana. But she has run short on cash and is forced to get a job at her favorite place to hang out, the Mexican restaurant "Bueno Nacho". Joining her on her missions is her best friend and sidekick, Ron Stoppable. This time around, Dr. Drakken and his sidekick Shego are trying to penetrate the earth's crust to harvest magma, using as a base the interior of a giant cheese wheel in the state of Wisconsin.

Ron, meanwhile, reluctantly joins Kim in her job, and realizes that he has a niche at Bueno Nacho. While Kim is struggling he thrives and is made assistant manager, rendering her his employee. When Kim wants to leave to go fight Drakken, Ron explains that her shift is not over, which prevents her from leaving. When she quits her job, Ron refuses to go with Kim, and she leaves alone.

Upon arriving at the giant cheese wheel without her sidekick, Kim is overpowered and captured by Shego and Drakken's minions. Meanwhile in Middleton, Ron is bossing around Ned, the former assistant manager, when he learns that Kim is in trouble. He immediately leaves to save her but is also captured. Drakken is just about to strike magma when Ron's naked mole rat, Rufus, wakes up. He frees Kim and Ron, allowing the disabling of the "magmachine", a massive spheroid device with a giant cannon.

It is not over yet, though. Drakken had stolen a laser drill to reach the magma, and the magmachine was supposed to handle the magma, ejecting it into the sky similar to a volcanic eruption. Ron sneaks into the laser drill's control room and outlines the situation: "Rufus, this is a precision implement, incredibly complex… better mess with everything", spinning the beam all around and melting the cheese in the cheese wheel as it is pure swiss cheese, not simply a building covered with it. Kim and Ron narrowly escape while Drakken's plan is foiled. Shego and him being stuck in the cheese as Kim and Ron watch. Kim returns home still without money, but Ron, who still has his paycheck, buys her the jacket she wanted. Nevertheless, when Ned walks up wearing the same jacket, Kim and Ron agree to exchange it.

Mind Games

The Middleton Cheer squad is practicing for the Regional Cheer Finals the next day. As Kim backs up, she crashes into Tara causing Bonnie to criticize her for picking such a hard routine. Kim then points out to Bonnie that this routine will win them the competition. Just as they start up again, Ron rushes in to tell Kim something, but she tells him that it can wait, only listening as he starts to spell out Kim's name through a microphone. Ron shows her a live feed from the Kimmunicator which has someone asking for her help. That person, much to Kim's surprise, is Dr. Drakken.

Kim is completely wierded out by this and struggles to ask why he is calling her. Drakken then answers that he is actually Private Cleotus Dobbs a member of the United States Armed forces. Ron believes that he is Drakken's evil twin, but Kim points out that Drakken is already evil leaving Ron confused. Dobbs explains that Drakken captured him and used a Brain Switch Machine on them, leaving Drakken in his body. Before they can get more information, the signal becomes lost (presumably due to Shego seeing him). Wade then appears and says he is working to reestablish contact.

Later in the hallway, Kim complains to Ron about how she now has to deal with both the Cheer Finals and this situation with Drakken. Ron tells her not to stress as she always handles these kinds of things, causing Kim to point out that Ron believes her life is very easy. Ron points out that she's smart, athletic, pretty, and popular, which sounds like a great life to him. Kim then counterpoints that all Ron has to deal with is playing videogames, watching wrestling, and eating "snackage". Ron then tries to point out that he has to raise Rufus as a single parent and has a lot of pressure maintaining his image. Kim sees right through this and gives Ron a look which causes him to admit he doesn't exactly have an image yet but he is working on it and it is stressful.

Kim opens her locker and Wade tells them that he still hasn't been able to regain contact with Private Dobbs and that all information on him is classified. The only thing he was able to find on him was an image of his ID card. The picture of him suprises Kim and Ron and they wonder why Drakken would want to be in that body.

Meanwhile, Drakken (in Dobbs' body) uses Dobbs' body to pass two levels of security clearance, chuckling evilly as he passes through the second.

Meanwhile, Kim then points out that she also has to deal with Tutoring, Swim Team, and the Yearbook Committee, which Ron points out as having a social life that he sorely lacks. Wade then calls Kim on the Kimmunticator and says that he traced the call from Dobbs. The signal originated from the middle of the Grand Canyon. Kim and Ron get a lift through the Grand Canyon from Baxter. During the trip, Ron ends up angering his donkey which throws him off. Even though Baxter trades his donkey Buttercup, who he claims is a sweetheart, Ron gets thrown off that one as well.

Kim and Ron find Drakken's newsest lair which appears as a dilapidated house, causing Ron to question whether or not it is in fact Drakken's lair. Once inside, Ron feels Rufus climbing up his leg and asks him to stop. Rufus then appears out of Ron's jacket, making Ron realize that it's something else. He then jumps onto a pipe from a nearby furnace shaking his leg and telling whatever's in there to get off. It eventually falls out and is revealed to be a scorpion. As Ron wipes off his head in relief, the pipe then slides down, causing a hidden elevator to show up out of the floor. Kim then calls Ron "Mr. Dumb Luck", to which Ron points out that it's not dumb luck, but rather dumb skill. The two of them take the elevator down to Drakken's actual lair and Ron wonders out loud if they've ever been in this lair. Kim points out that all lairs start to look alike after awhile. They then see a large machine which Ron correctly identifies as the Brian Switch machine. They head over to a series of crates, unaware that they were noticed by Shego and a bunch of Drakken's henchmen, where Kim and Ron hear Dobbs calling out for help. Kim then uses the Kimmunicator to search through each crate for Dobbs and after finding the right one, opens it up where Dobbs expresses joy that she is here.

He then points out to them to look out. Shego, standing on top of the opposite crates with the henchmen below on the ground remarks to Kim that it is "Game Over". Kim then replies that is "So not". Shego jumps of the crates and begins to battle Kim as Ron helps Dobbs out of the crate. Dobbs then remarks that his mother always taught him to be polite to a lady, and then rams into Shego while pointing out that this rule does not apply if that lady locks him in a crate. Kim then orders Ron to get Dobbs out of there and he complies. Shego notices him leaving and orders the henchmen not to let Drakken's body get away. As Ron is corned by the henchmen and Shego, Kim swoops in using her grapple gun and battles Shego in the air. Shego then cuts the line, causing Kim to fall beneath the Brain Switch machine with one of the holders getting attached to her head. Ron then strikes a pose to fight the henchmen, but is immediately blasted away and gets the other holder attached to his head. Rufus, meanwhile, gets knocked out of Ron's pocket and lands on a button which activates the Brian Switch Machine and causes Kim and Ron's brains to get switched. As they recover from it, they look at each other and realize what happened while Kim (in Ron's body) remarks that this is "so wrong".

Kim (in Ron's body) then remarks that this cannot be happening while Ron (in Kim's body) tells Kim that he told her not to get near the Brain Switch Machine. Kim (in Ron's body) points out that he didn't say that, and Ron (in Kim's body) says that he was thinking it right before it happened. Dobbs takes advantage of the situation and rams Shego again, remarking that they should get out of there. Kim (in Ron's body) says that they still need to switch back but Ron (in Kim's body) points out that there's no time as the henchmen are closing in on them. As the henchmen and Shego begin blasting them Kim and Ron run away with Ron (in Kim's body) pick up Rufus. Kim (in Ron's body) grabs Dobbs and manages to defeat a few henchmen before Shego corners them. Shego then sarcastically asks if they think she's just going to let them stroll out of there with Drakken's body, casuing Kim (in Ron's body) to tell Shego not to mess with her. This causes Shego to realize that they got hit by the Brain Switch Machine and switched brains, causing her to laugh hysterically saying that this is "just too great". She then asks Ron (in Kim's body) to say something. Ron (in Kim's body) says "Bye Bye" before kicking Shego in the leg. Kim and Ron jump over the henchmen, and Kim (in Ron's body) turns a valve which releases a lot of steam. This gives the three of them cover to escape. Shego then orders the henchmen not to let them get to the elevator, but it's too late by the time she finishes the sentence.

Later, at Kim's house. The family is eating dinner, but Dr. Possible, Ann Possible, and Jim and Tim Possible are wierded out by Kim and Ron's strange eating styles as well as the fact that Dr. Drakken (Dobbs) appears to be eating with them who comments to Ann on how tasty her food is. Dr. Possible then breaks the silence saying that he can't eat sitting across the table from Kim's arch foe. Kim (in Ron's body) reminds her dad that it's not really Drakken, just his body. Her mother then remarks that she knows that, but speaking as a board certified neurosurgeon, she believes it's just not possible to swap brains. Ron (in Kim's body) points out that that's a good point, but then remarks that nothing else could explain his/her bare midriff which he looks down at, causing Kim (in Ron's body) to sigh and put his/her hand on his/her head. Dr. Possible remarks that this is much different than what happened when he was in high school while Jim and Tim remark how no one would notice if they swapped their brains with each other.

Wade then calls up on the Kimmunicator which Ron (in Kim's body) answers. Ron believes that Wade doesn't know about the switch, but points out that he does know who he's talking to casuing Kim (in Ron's body) to angrily swipe away the Kimmunicator. Wade says that something big and top secret has been stolen from Dobbs' post, and Dobbs accidentally blurts out that it's something called the Neutronalizer then remarking that they weren't supposed to hear that. Wade also says that Drakken's lair has been abandoned and the Brain Switch Machine has been taken away. Kim becomes scared that they're now stuck like this, but Ron is somewhat happy since he/she's now gonna be popular.

Meanwhile, Drakken moves to a new lair and tells his movers to be careful around the Neutronalizer, while they ultimately drop a few things off screen marked as fragile. He then angrily remarks that tanks to Kim he had to move his lair again, but Shego points out that there's nothing wrong with this Time Share Lair. He then is asked by the movers where he wants the Brain Switch Machine, he tells them to put in the den carefully but they ultimately fail to do so He then answers a call from someone wanting Professor Dementor, whom he says moved. As Drakken signs off on the delievery, he notices that his body isn't there and the movers say the truck is empty, causing him to angrily yell at Shego. Shego ultimately admits that Team Possible took it, making Drakken even angrier for her failing at two things. Shego tries to say that Dobbs' body is kinda cute when it's angry, but Drakken angrily says that he wants his body.

Meanwhile, Wade says that he'll keep scanning for any clues as to where Drakken is and Kim (in Ron's body) says that Dobbs will stay at her house for safekeeping. Wade asks Kim what her and Ron will do. Kim says that until they find the Brain Switch Machine, they'll just have to deal with this. Kim notices Ron (in Kim's body) flipping his/her hair and asks what he/she is doing. Ron (in Kim's body) says that Kim's hair is "so flippy", causing a terrified Kim to tell Wade to hurry.

The next day, Kim shows Ron the routine that the cheer squad is performing for the Regionals later, but Ron remarks that there's no way he'll be able to do it. The two of them practice for awhile and Ron gets nowhere while Kim continues to do it perfectly even in Ron's body. Kim says the two of them should go get some "lunchage", which Ron corrects to "snackage" saying that "lunchage" sounds stupid, causing Kim to sigh inside.

Later on, Kim (in Ron's body) is standing in the lunch line when a group of football players take a nerd in front of him/her and throw him across the room to take his place in line. Kim forgets which body she's in and says that they can't do that. This causes the bullies to throw Kim out the lunch room into the hall. As Kim gets up, two bullies mistake her for Ron and say that she/he can't come this way because D-Hall has apparently been declared a "loser free zone". As Kim tries to walk away, the larger bully says that Kim/Ron is forgetting his lunch money, Kim doesn't know about any money and asks about it. The smaller bully says that Ron sounds funnier than usual, so Kim lowers her/his voice saying it's puberty. The two bullies then throw Kim/Ron into the Girls Room where Bonnie is. Kim once again forgets who she is and says hi to Bonnie, causing Bonnie to call her/him a "little freako" and slap her/him off screen.

Meanwhile, Ron is happy with the new attention he's getting as Kim, calling her life a "can of corn". Just then the yearbook committee shows up saying Kim has to decide on a font for the yearbook cover, a teacher asks Kim/Ron if he/she is all prepared for tutoring next week. Another teacher then tells Ron that Kim promised to paint banners for next week with a Monday deadline, and Bonnie tries to tell Ron/Kim to get his/her makeup and hair ready before the Regionals. Ron becomes overwhelmed by all this and runs off to find Kim.

Ron quickly asks if Wade found Drakken. Kim then smugly asks if there are any problems. Ron says no and asks Kim the same thing with Kim saying she wallowed in the low expectations. The cheer squad then shows up and pushes Ron/Kim toward the locker room for the Regionals.

Kim and Ron are both worried as the Regionals start and Middleton is first. Ron begins to mess up the routine, so Kim pushes him out of the way and takes over, much to Bonnie's shock.

Meanwhile, Drakken prepares the Neutronalizer and says that it's time for his ultimatum, causing Shego to laugh as his voice with Dobbs' body is not the kind of thing someone would take seriously. Drakken then uses a very poor puppet resembling his old body to deliver the ultimatum asking the world to declare him supreme ruler of Earth or he will neutronalize a different major city every hour on the hour. Shego then asks what neutronalize means, and Drakken admits he has no idea and that he took it because it the military had it and it was top secret.

Meanwhile, Kim (in Ron's body) does the routine perfectly pleasing everyone. Wade then calls and says he found Drakken in a new Time Share Lair complex, suite 7B. Kim, Ron, and Dobbs sneak in and hear Drakken angry at the world for not listening to his ultimatum, which Shego smugly points out may have had something to do with the puppet, making him angry. Drakken then prepares to use the Neutronalizer to destroy Paris Kim says she and Ron will create a distraction while Dobbs disarms the Neutronalizer, but this makes Ron angry as he was still a distraction despite having this change to be Kim. Dobbs then admits that he only guarded the Neutronalizer and has no idea how to disarm it, causing Kim to have to think of a new plan.

They don't get the change however as Drakken and Shego heard them and blast way their hiding place. Drakken the talks to Kim (in Ron's body) saying that she/he's finished. Ron tries to say that he/she is Kim, but Drakken says he already knows about the switch. Kim says not to insult Ron and admits that Ron has it pretty hard, while Ron admits that Kim has a lot of pressure on her life. Drakken becomes tired of this and orders his henchmen to finish off Kim and Ron. Two henchmen then grab Dobb's and Drakken angrily says that he wants his body back, to which Dobbs says he can have it due to it being ugly and itchy.

Despite Kim and Ron's effort, Shego knocks down a series of shelves which temporarily taps them. Shego then activates the Brain Switch Machine causing Drakken and Dobbs to get back their bodies much to their relief. As Dobbs is dragged away, Drakken orders Shego to initiate the Neutronalizer firing sequence, to which she complies. Drakken's plan is thwarted however when the fuse box blows up due to the Brain Switch Machine using all the power. Wade calls the Kimmunicator and Drakken answers it. Wade says that the army is on the way, much to Drakken's anger. Drakken then decides to blow up the lair, much to Kim and Ron's shock, and leaves with Shego and his henchmen. Dobbs frees Kim and Ron and Wade says that the Tri-lithium core battery for the Kimmunicator may have enough power to power the Brain Switch Machine. Kim and Ron use it and Kim ends up in her body again, but Ron and Rufus accidentally switch brains. The two of them switch back and the four of them are able to escape the lair before it blows up. Ron says that they may have just neutronalized the Nuetronalizer, but it emerges from the rubble unscathed with Dobbs saying that it is indestructible.

Later at school, Kim and Ron feel great being themselves again, but they accidentally walk down D-Hall where the two bullies call Ron out. Much to Ron's surprise, the larger one gives Ron back his lunch money that he's been holding since Kindergarten, and the smaller one gives him a new video game. Ron is confused, until Kim explains that while she was still in his body, she went back to D-Hall and gave the bullies some sensitivity training. Ron then smiles at Kim for being such a good friend as the episode ends.

Attack of the Killer Bebes

After being told that his lack of extra-curricular activities might hamper his chances of getting into a good college, Ron decides that he needs a resume filler, and decides to take up cheer leading. Putting Kim in the difficult position of having to defend Ron in front of the rest of the squad, while trying to find a way of discouraging him before he embarrasses himself, or her. Things don't get much better when Ron announces that he's changed his mind, and doesn't want to be a cheerleader. Largely, because he's set his heart on being the teams mascot. Even going so far as to design and build his own "Middleton Mad Dog" costume.

Feeling bad about not standing up for her friend and his dream, Kim seeks advice from her father. Dr. Possible then tells a story about his college days, and how he lost a good friend whose dream he once laughed at. Unfortunately, Dr. Possible's story doesn't convince Kim and she ends up having a blazing row with Ron. Meanwhile something strange is happening in the local science community. Professor Ramesh, of the Mount Middleton observatory, calls Kim in when his partner, Astronomer Bob Chen has gone missing. Ron refuses to share a ride with Kim and leaves on his own while Kim regrets her cruelty to him.

Kim arrives at the observatory just in time to see Professor Ramesh being abducted by three fembots, who introduce themselves as Bebe before make off with the professor. Angry that the Bebe got away, Kim blames Ron and his belated arrival for distracting her, and chews him out. Hurting his feeling to the point that, when he discovers a link between the two missing scientists and Kim's father, he decides to go it alone. Sometime later, Dr. Possible is getting in his car when, all of a sudden, the Bebes appear. They tear a whole in his car roof and reach in to drag him out.

The first that Kim knows about this is when her father, quite unabducted, storms into cheer practice and demands to know where Ron is, and why there is a hole in his car roof. All soon becomes clear when the scene changes, revealing Dr Possible locked in a cage with the missing scientists. Their captor, none other than Dr. Drakken. It is soon revealed that Professors Ramesh and Chen are the two friends mentioned in Dr Possible's earlier flashback. More than this, though, Dr. Drakken is the one that they laughed at back in college, and now he's back and wanting revenge on them for mocking him all those years ago. Of course, there is one more surprise in store. Dr. Possible isn't Dr. Possible, he's really Ron in disguise. Leaving the Real Dr. Possible to arrive with Kim. With the introductions over, and the Bebes announcing that Drakken is not fit to command them, Kim sets to with the rogue robots but finds that they are too fast and too tough for her Kung Fu skills to be effective against them. Fortunately for her, Dr. Possible comes to the rescue by getting Wade to set the Kimunicator up to emit a wave that interferes with the Bebe's wireless network signal. Severing them from the Bebe's coordinating hive mind, confusing them sufficiently for Kim get them to destroy one another. With Drakken and his robots out of the way, the episode draws to a close with Ron, as the Middleton Mad dog, at a school basketball game. Much to Kim's surprise, and Bonnie's shock, the crowd loves him.

Monkey Fist Strikes

We find Kim and Ron climbing a mountain. Ron does not get very far until he is tangled up in his bungee cords. Kim reaches the top to find a baby eagle that was wounded. She rescues the eagle but on her climb down, her ropes break and she finds herself free-falling down the cliff. Using her pack as a parachute, she is able to land safely and give the baby eagle to a park ranger.

Kim's father contacts her on the Kimmunicator asking where she is as it is family game night. The park ranger tells him that he should be proud of his daughter for the good work she's done. Kim's dad lightens up but tell her that her cousin Larry will be disappointed she's not there. After hanging up, Kim expresses relief at not having to be there, telling the park ranger that Larry is really creepy. Ron, after freeing himself from the ropes, asks her what's so bad about her cousin.

She then goes on to tell him for quite a while on how Larry is essentially a major gamer geek. Ron doesn't seem to take Kim's side but instead goes on about one of the games that Larry plays called "Fortress", and how cool it was. Wade then appears via hologram. He explains to Kim that the famous archeologist Monty Fiske wants her help to find an artifact. Upon arriving at their destination, Ron is horrified to find that the temple they are searching is a monkey shrine. Kim explains to Monty that Ron had to share a cabin with a wild chimpanzee at camp and ever since has been traumatized. Monty tries to explain chimpanzee's are actually apes and not monkey's, but Ron tells him they're all freaks of nature. Monty appears to be very displeased by Ron's comments. When Ron thinks that Monty is out of ear-range, he tells her that he thinks Monty is no good. Kim thinks that Ron is being ridiculous and when Monty is reveled to have been closer then Ron thought, and he did in fact hear his comment, the tension grows. The team splits up, but Ron refuses to go inside the shrine. Kim goes alone, having to avoid numerous boobie-traps to achieve the old monkey artifact.

That night, Ron insists that he still thinks Monty is no good. Kim still doesn't take him seriously, and tries to sleep as Ron tries to inform her of a figure he sees in the distance. At first he thinks it's a monkey, but is relieved when it's only a ninja. The ninja steals the monkey artifact despite Kim putting up a fight for it. When she informs Monty of the loss, he acts upset but it seems off.

Back at home, Kim's dad tries to cheer her up by saying that Larry felt bad for not getting to see her, so his mother invited the family over for dinner that Saturday. Kim's twin brothers go on about how Larry is a dweeb, but James scolds them for it. He tells them to be more like Kim who doesn't judge a book by its cover. Kim get's a guilty look on her face. The next scene, Kim and Ron are at Bueno Nacho. Kim describes her misfortune at having to spend dinner with Larry, but Ron still doesn't see what's wrong with him. Wade then calls Kim and tells her that the monkey artifact was legend to be able to grant people Tai Shing Pek Kwar, or Monkey Kung-Fu when combined with three other artifacts just like it. Wade thinks that it would be a good idea for them to talk to Monty again, who may be able to help them get the artifact back. Kim remembers that she had plans with Larry though and insists on honoring her promise with her dad that she wouldn't bail, despite Wade offering her a holographic version of herself to fill in. She does note how tempting the Holo-Kim was.

That Saturday night, Kim and Ron go to ask Monty for help, thus having the Holo-Kim take her place at her cousins house. When shown inside, Monty reveals to them that he was in fact the ninja that stole the artifact, and that he had the other three as well. He also revealed to be crazy in the sense that he spent his family fortune on getting his hands and feet mutated to make him part man part monkey. He tells the duo that since they know his secret, he'll have to kill them. When he attacks Kim, he shoots right past her, revealing that Kim actually did go to her cousin's house and Ron was left with the Holo-Kim. Ron tries to escape from Monty as Wade calls Kim to let her know what is going on. Shocked and helpless to assist Ron, Kim allows Larry to speak to her friend. Larry encourages Ron to defeat Monty like he would with a certain boss in Fortress, by becoming like him. Ron runs to the four artifacts and "becomes what he fears most." He is imbued with the same power, and so is Rufus, who was caught in the energy too.

Now having the powers of Tai Shing Pek Kwar, Ron is able to put up a good fight against Monty. However Ron's instinctive knowledge is eventually edged out by Monty's physical master training. Just when it seems Monty has Ron defeated, Rufus starts to knock over the monkey artifacts, after Ron orders him to "Search and Destroy." Desperate, Monty tries to catch them all, barely grabbing the last one to get knocked over with his teeth. He's then helpless as Ron surprises him with a kung-fu kick to the face, knocking him out and breaking the artifacts. The police come and Ron is able to go to Larry's house, where the two get along talking about video games. Kim smiles and finding that Larry now has a friend, bails while the two watch deleted scenes from a sci-fi movie.

October 31st

While attempting to take back the Centurion Project, which appeared to be a small metallic bracelet, from Drakken, Kim managed to get it stuck around her wrist, not knowing what it does.

Later that same day, Monique told her that Josh Mankey would be at her Halloween party, and Kim felt compelled to lie to Ron and her mother so she could sneak off to Monique's party. She told her mother she was going Trick or Treating with Ron, which they did traditionally since kids, but tells Ron she had to be with her mother at a hospital-organized haunted house. Wade helped her realize that everytime she lied the Centurion Project grew on her body, covering more and more of it.

Drakken and Killigan were both separately listening in to the conversation at different points of time, and they each heard one of the two lies Kim told her entourage. Thinking she told the truth, Drakken went to the hospital while Killigan headed for the neighborhood, each trying to get their hands on the Project.

At Monique's party, Kim spoke with Josh, who was dressed as a pirate. He was very intrigued by the fact that she was dressed as a princess and had a cybernetic hand, which, unknown to him, was actually the Centurion Project. As Kim continued to lie, still trying to impress him, it grew more and more, eventually covering her whole body.

Using this technology, she flew over to the hospital where the two villains were questioning her parents on her whereabouts with Ron as hostage. They fought, and she won.

Once coming clean about her lies with her parents and Ron, who already knew the truth from the villains, the cybernetic armour receded back to its original dormant bracelet form.

Ron then proposed to Mankey they go Trick or Treating, which he accepted. Josh was even agreeable with Ron's two-person unicorn costume, of which Ron was the back-end.

Kim, who had been expressing Trick or Treating as lame, regretted her decisions as her crush left with Ron, while she was grounded.

The Twin Factor

The episode begins with a lab in the middle of the desert being raided by Dr. Drakken and Shego, which was quick despite the alarm being tripped while entering.

The morning Kim is called into the lab, she discovers that she has to babysit her younger brothers, Jim and Tim, much to her annoyance. The twins briefly show their annoyance by stealing the batteries to the Kimmunicator to power their portable silicon phase disruptor. They also show their inquisitive nature by trying to check the fluid used by the plane (which turned out to be hydraulic), nearly causing the plane to crash, but they manage to reach the lab safely.

Once they arrive, they find that Dr. Drakken has stolen mind control technology being worked on by Doctor Cyrus Bortle. Kim and Ron investigate for clues, finding a clue to Drakken's location which Wade scans. The twins, however, begin messing with Doctor Bortle's silicon phase disruptor and show their in-progress portable one. Wade concludes from the evidence gathered that Drakken was in the Peruvian Rain Forest.

Meanwhile, Drakken had tested the mind control chip on Shego, who turned from a snarky and sarcastic sidekick to a minion who was loyal to a fault and spoke in a creepy yet cheerful monotone. Drakken took advantage of it to rant about his childhood and have her do some meaningless tasks along with helping with the lab work of devising more chips.

Kim and Ron would land in Peru with the Tweebs, their landing delayed somewhat by the Tweebs attempting to free fall, but they landed intact. Kim decided to go in alone and left Ron to watch over the Tweebs, but this turned out to be a mistake as Drakken was able to place one of the mind control chips onto her as she scaled the waterfall lair.

Ron was left unaware until he met Kim wearing an outfit identical to Shego's, and the chip visible on her forehead. The twins trap Kim in one of the parachutes they landed with before the group escaped.

Lacking most help, Ron laments that Kim was not available to devise a plan. The Tweebs suggest Ron gets captured so he could reacquire the Kimmunicator from Drakken as Kim's orders were only to capture Ron, leaving the twins free to work. Ron believes it was to call for help, but really the twins wanted the battery for their silicon phase disruptor, which can override mind control technology. Before Ron could argue against the plan, the twins drop him down via rope and Kim takes him hostage.

Rufus attempts to reclaim the Kimmunicator while Drakken monologued, but Kim noticed Rufus. The twins arrived and distracted Drakken before Ron led Kim and Shego into a wild goose chase to give the twins time. The chase eventually led back to the main room, where the twins showed that their portable silicon phase disruptor did indeed work, releasing both Kim and Shego from mind control. Enraged as she maintained full memories of her time under mind control, Shego chased Drakken out of the lair.

Back in Middleton, all was quiet and Kim commented that she did, deep down, like the twins. Her parents point out to their daughter that she used to be as bad as the twins when she was younger, right before her mother discovers that there were two mind control chips on the twins' heads. Kim quickly disables them with the silicon phase disruptors and the twins immediately leap into a pillow fight across the house, loud crashes heard from it as Kim comments that sometimes "nothing says bedtime like a little mind control".

Monkey Ninjas in Space

Monkey Fist longs to fulfill prophecy as foretold by the Mystical Monkey Monk in the Golden Banana. To find the brightest monkey - Frederick - and follow him to the stars where the ultimate Monkey Master will be apparently made "unstoppable". Unfortunately for Monkey Fist it turned out to be a spelling mistake, and what the Monk meant to say was "Ron Stoppable".

Kim has to muster the courage to confront her father about her being too old to continue to join him for the annual Rocket Booster Open Day. Her father is clearly showing signs of denying that his daughter is growing up. But Kim has a chance to prove her maturity to him when she has to go into space with Frederick to save Ron from Monkey Fist. Ron, genuinely eager to join the annual Rocket Booster event has his mind changed when introduced to Frederick - bringing out memories of his monkey trauma. However, he confronts his fears somewhat in space by learning to trust Frederick, despite him being a monkey, and facing off against Monkey Fist using his own Monkey Kung-Fu.

Low Budget

In a marsh, under a mangrove tree, Ron and Kim are helping a man named Jerry load boxes out of his big orange boat, and onto a smaller, white motor boat. Kim thanks him for helping her with her marine biology homework, and he says that with all she has done to help him and his company save the matinees, it's the least he can do. Rufus leans down the side of the bigger boat, staring down into the water. A manatee comes up to the surface, and Rufus, startled, jumps high in the air and runs over to Ron, colliding with his face. When Ron sees what his companion has panicked about, he shouts out that a strange creature in the water is after them. Kim corrects him by telling him what species the animal is, implying that it isn't dangerous in the least, which Jerry agrees with.

There is the sound of loud laughter, and a fan boat passes by with a great splash of water, and Jerry continues talking, saying that unlike the manatee, not everyone in the area is pleasant. The fan boat comes by once more and nearly collides into the marine animal, who has to duck to avoid serious head injury, and Ron angrily shouts after the two drivers. Kim decides to go talk to them, and jumps onto the back of the boat as it passes by again. Surprised, the two men driving it turn around to face her. Kim tells them that they are in a natural wildlife preserve. They are not sorry in the least, and mock her by saying that they are the wildlife. She pulls out her compact mirror, and the shortest of the two men laughs, saying she wants to make herself pretty, while the other one says that it is because they are extremely handsome. Full of disdain for them, Kim places her compact mirror on the backside of the fan, where it sticks. A little grappling hook shoots out, and attaches itself to the trunk of a mangrove. Kim jumps off the boat and into the water. The rope connecting the hook to the compact mirror grows taunt, and with the force of the boat still being propelled forward, the fan is ripped clean off. The two men fall into the water, and the ship sinks while Kim begins to swim back toward the shore. Ron cheers for Kim and tells her to take a victory lap, but Jerry says that might not be such a good idea and pints out a crocodile entering the water. Kim notices the crocodile and dives underwater to try to get away from it, but it follows her. Ron throws a life preserver to Kim, but the crocodile leaps and rips it apart with it's teeth, with Ron remarking how donuts always fill him up. After Kim comes up for air, Ron yells to her to swim and Kim swims as hard as she can with the crocodile closing in. Kim manages to reach the ladder and begins to climb up, but the crocodile reaches her and bites down hard creating a large splash.

Kim asks Ron how bad it is, and Ron holds up her pants saying that they're destroyed. Kim, who's now wearing a massive manatee shirt to cover her exposed legs, is upset saying that the pants were brand new Club Banana pants. Kim asks Jerry where the closest Mall is. Jerry says the closest one is in Miami, but says not to worry as there's a store right in town which has everything.

The store turns out to be a Smarty Mart, where according to Ron "smart shoppers shop smart". Kim thinks ill of it saying that it's "so, discounty", but Ron says that it's great and pulls her inside. Inside, they are greeted by a sales associate who offers them a map, and Ron says that Kim needs pants. Kim then says that they're not to wear, but just to have as it's an emergency and she would not be here otherwise. The associate says that emergency pants are in aisle 10, and Ron leads Kim there as the associate wishes them a "happy Smarty Mart shopping". Ron tells Kim that Smarty Mart is a perfectly respectable place to shop, mentioning that it happens to be where he bought Rufus with the two of them fondly saying at the same time "aisle 16". Kim says that she's not shopping for livestock. She's shopping for pants, as in fashion, as in not Smarty Mart. Ron says that he buys clothes at Smarty Mart, which causes Kim to look at him closely for a second before turning away and shivering. Kim walks away, but Ron asks what's wrong.

Kim later checks out the pants while wearing them and the cashier says that they're $5.99, which Ron points out is ten times less than what she would've had to pay for the same pants at Club Banana. Kim pays for the pants and says that they are not the same. Ron calls Kim a "retail snob", which Kim says she's not before telling him that they need to get home before the Middleton mall closes. Ron is okay with this, then points out that Smarty Mart never closes. Kim yells at Ron for what he said, but Ron says that he said nothing before following her.

Later at the Middleton Mall, Kim waits in a bush asking Ron if he's ready to go. She notices that Ron isn't there and sees him looking at a wrestling match between Pain King and Steel Toe on a bunch of TV's in Victoria's Circuit. Kim chastises him for goofing off saying they're on an important mission, but Ron asks how buying the same pair of pants she has on is a mission. Kim once again says that Smarty Mart pants and Club Banana pants are "so not the same", then asks a sighing Ron to get out of there before someone sees her. Bonnie then sees Kim and sees what pants she's wearing and mockingly asks her if it was double coupon day at Smarty Mart. Kim tries to make a comeback by asking Bonnie if she's heard that discount is the new vintage. Bonnie is not fazed, however, and says that she can't wait to tell the rest of the squad that Kim is a Smarty Mart shopper before walking away. Kim then points out to Ron that no one cares if the pants were ten times less if they're not the same. Ron then tells Kim to chill and to not let Bonnie get her cheap pants in a bunch.

Just then, the wrestling match is interrupted by a mysterious broadcast. On the screen appears a mysterious man with a fake mustache and beard (because they fall off twice while he is speaking) and a bad accent who introduces himself as Fugal Lucre. He tells them to listen well saying that although he doesn't have a fancy laser weapon or pricey robot army, he does have something that big budget bad guys lack. Ron think's that it's a cheesy accent, but Lucre says it is computer skills. He claims that in 24 hours, the internet as they know it will cease to exist. He says that the information superhighway will crash unless everyone in the world sends him a dollar, or the equivalent at the current rate of exchange. To prove he means business, he had sent everyone a "little email". He then laughs manically where his beard and mustache fall off again, before the TV returns to normal. Kim tries to call up Wade, but the Kimmunicator isn't working. Kim and Ron find it wierd thinking that Lucre may have done it, but Ron brushes off the thought saying that it must just need new batteries.

In Club Banana, Kim holds up a pair of pants, but Ron says that she has pants and tells her to ask for batteries. Kim angrily says that he doesn't understand and that she needs these pants. She brings them up to the register, but the cashier says that the registers are down. Kim is shocked, and the cashier says that someone whammed the computer system with a gazillion e-cards. Ron realizes it was Frugal Lucre, and the cashier said he toasted everything, even Smarty Mart. Kim asks why she would bring up Smarty Mart, and the cashier explains that Club Banana and Smarty Mart are owned by the same company. Ron then points out that that's why the merchandise is exactly the same, but the cashier also claims that there's a huge difference. Kim then points out to Ron a small Club Banana logo on the left back pocket on the back of the pants. Ron then asks how he missed that with a sarcastic tone of voice. Kim then says that thanks to Frugal Lucre, she has to go home and change, while the cashier says "whatever".

Back at home, Kim throws the pants down to Ron after she's changed, where Ron calls her a "retail snob" again and Kim tells him to shut up. Kim gives the pants to her mother saying that they're for the rag bin. Kim's mother notes that they look brand new, and Kim points out that they're brand new from Smarty Mart, causing Ron to point out what he calls "discountaphobia". Kim's mother says she's surprised at Kim, saying that she's supposed to know labels don't matter. Kim's Dad says that some guys at his lab will only use brand name heat shields, but he's perfectly fine using generic ones that are just as good at half the price. Kim says that you don't wear heat shields, but Kim's Dad says that she'd wish she was wearing them if she was tunneling to the Earth's core.

Kim sighs, and Wade calls up on the Kimmunicator saying that Frugal Lucre crashed his whole system. Ron asks who Lucre is, but Wade says he isn't sure as the broadcast came from over 3,000 places at once. Wade says though that he might have a lead as there was a strange voice in the background. Kim calls it a start and asks Wade to play it back. The message is played back, but the voice can't be understood. Kim asks Wade if he can strip out Lucre, and even though Wade says it won't be easy he does it in a few seconds. Kim asks Wade to add some bass to it, with Ron suggesting he scratch in a chanting monk. Kim looks at him, and Ron says that it could be cool. One part of the voice sounds like "shipers", and Wade suggests that he could be at a shipping yard. Ron is almost certain he's heard this before and asks Wade to slow it down. Wade does and this reveals that the voice is actually "Attention Smarty Mart Shoppers", causing Ron to realize that Lucre was broadcasting from a Smarty Mart. This confuses Kim, as she wonders what kind of self respecting villain broadcasts from a Smarty Mart.

Meanwhile, Lucre is looking at his reflection in his computer monitor trying to practice being more sinister, where it is confirmed that his accent is fake. His boss comes in and addresses him as "Lerman", saying that his 15 minute break is over. He apologizes to his boss and takes off his fake beard and mustache. He then notices a scary look that his boss just made and says he's gonna use that, before laughing manically in his fake accent again.

Later at school, Bonnie mocks Kim again asking if her shirt was 5 for 99 cents, causing Kim to get angry again and stick her tongue out at Bonnie. Ron then says that they could just send Lucre the money, mainly because a dollar each is bargain compared to most evil demands. Kim says that cost is not the issue, and that stopping Lucre is a point of pride. Ron thinks it's because she always has to get her bad guy, but Kim says it's because she needs to shop. Wade appears on Kim's screen and Kim asks what he managed to dig up. Wade says he's had no luck, as Lucre's signal could've originated from any Smarty Mart in the country and there are a lot of them. Ron then mentions that there are 3,000 nationwide with a new store opening every week, this week: Poughkeepsie. Kim asks Ron why he knows that, then admits that she doesn't want to know. She asks Wade to give a freeze-frame on Lucre which he does. He says that he can digitize out the fake beard and mustache, and does so. Kim prints out the picture and says that all they need to do is cross check this photo with the store personnel files and she'll be back in business with Club Banana. Wade calls it a great idea, but says that Smarty Mart security is tight, and that it'll have to be an inside job. He says they need to plug the Kimmunicator directly into a Smarty Mart personnel computer which is in any Smarty Mart store. Ron is overjoyed saying that he needs shampoo and underwear. Kim is not happy but says that it'll at least give her a chance to return the pants.

Kim and Ron go to Smarty Mart, but Kim hides her identity with a blue baseball cap and glasses. She tells Ron to cover her if they come across anyone who might know them. Ron is then greeted by a sales associate named Oscar who knows him and likes him due to the fact that he's a regular customer. He asks who Kim is, and Ron tells him that Kim doesn't want anyone to know she shops here. Kim defiantly says that she doesn't shop here, and Oscar says that she therefore doesn't shop smart. Oscar then slips Ron an advanced copy of the store's next month circular. As Kim walks away, Ron notices a deal on it: 5 pounds of marshmallows for a dollar, and asks Oscar how they do it. Oscar says it is two things, volume and volume. Kim then pulls him away and tells him that they're on a non marshmallow related mission, but Ron remarks how these prices are out of control. Kim says that she'll find the personnel office, and tells Ron to return the pants before walking away. Ron tells her not to worry and that he's focused, but he becomes distracted by the announcement of "brainstorm" on aisle 8, for the next 10 minutes Pop Pop Porter's Pizza Bagels are two for a dollar. Ron and Rufus grab a cart and Ron remarks that they are so there, as they race to get the merchandise.

Meanwhile, Kim sneaks through the Smarty Mart back hallways, avoiding several employees in the process. She accidentally crashes into the Smarty Mart brain mascot who asks if she's lost, but Kim says she's just browsing and the Brain leaves with no trouble. Kim reaches the store personnel office and plugs in the Kimmunicator. Before it's done however, the sales manager returns and sees Kim hiding under the desk, which Kim is able to get out of by pretending she lost and found her contact lens.

Meanwhile, Ron and Rufus are greatly enjoying the sales, but Ron wonders what's taking Kim so long. He thinks that maybe they should go find her, then decides that they could instead get shop towels for $3.99.

The manager believed that Kim came there to apply for a job, and Kim correctly answers questions about the merchandise to buy herself time. Kim impresses the manager and is offered a job, which includes minimum wage and free expired food. Kim tries to play along, until the Kimmunicator beeps to signify that she has the data. She claims that it's an MP3 player, and rushes out much to the manager's confusion.

Meanwhile, Ron is checking out tires. He says that he knows that he doesn't have a car, but he can't resist these prices. Kim then runs up to him and says that she knows that Fugal Lucre is Francis Lerman, which Ron laughs at and remarks that it's no wonder the dude is messed up. Kim says that they only have a few hours to get to Philadelphia before the dollar deadline. Ron then says that they'll need wheels, and points behind him, but Kim pulls him away because she has a better plan. As they run away, Ron says that there was no cash back without a receipt, but hands her a voucher with credit good at any Smarty Mart nationwide, much to Kim's dismay.

Kim and Ron are given a lift by a street-sweeper named Pauli, who says that her campaign for alternate side of the street parking saved his life, with Kim saying that 10,000 windshield fliers is no big. They ring the doorbell to Lucre's house, and it is answered by his incredibly sweet mother, with Kim asking if Francis is home. His mother says that he didn't mention that he had friends coming and if he had she would've made more toaster tasties. Ron reaches for one, but Kim slaps away his hand before telling Mrs. Lerman that they thought they'd surprise him. Mrs. Lerman says he'll be thrilled, and says he's in the basement, with her then telling them to make themselves at home. Kim says they will, and they head downstairs.

They sneak in and find Francis, with Kim remarking that it's apparent that he's been using his employee discount. He is happy to see Kim, and picks up a water gun, saying that this is so cool. Ron order him to drop it, calling him a momma's boy, which Lucre denies. He warns them not to come an closer, as the gun is loaded with beef bullion. He implies that it's impossible to get the smell out, and then laughs manically. Kim is disgusted, and Ron says that he's right and to do what he says with the two of them putting their hands up. Mrs. Lerman interrupts by saying that she thought they might be thirsty, so she brought juice sips, which Kim and Ron both take. Francis becomes upset, saying that he's with his friends, and his mother apologizes. She then asks if they want any chips or pretzels, but Kim and Ron both say "no thank you Mrs. Lerman" and she leaves. Lucre says that he knows they're here to stop him, but says that they're too late and that soon the world's fortune will be his. He then laughs again. Ron is confused at his definition of fortune, and Kim points out that he only asked for a dollar per person. Lucre says that like they say at Smarty Mart, "every dollar counts". Kim brushes this off and tells Lucre that he's not a real villain, just a "bargain bad guy". Lucre says that just because he's budget conscious doesn't mean he's not every bit as evil as the other villains. They may have their henchmen and fancy lairs, but he delivers the exact same evil at a fraction of the cost. He tells them to observe, and he pulls a rope which captures the two of them in a net. He then asks them if it is time for him to reveal his evil plan, and Kim tells him to go ahead. He holds up a small inflatable globe which he calls "Frugal Lucre's World", which Ron says is a small world, with Lucre claiming that it was a closeout. He explains that every Smarty affiliate is connected via the internet, and all it takes is one thing to release a commerce crippling virus. He takes it out of his pocket, and Kim believes it to be a ham'n can, though Lucre corrects her by saying it's an expired can of Vienna Sausages. He altered the UPC code to act as the virus trigger, so once it is scanned through check-out his virus will be launched from every single Smarty Mart at the same time, with the effect getting rid of email, chat rooms, online shopping, etc. Kim cannot believe that he's planning to destroy the internet with an old can of meat, and Lucre says that he gets expired foods free and death rays are expensive. He then leaves an inflated pool with hungry snapping turtles in it beneath them in case they try anything cute before leaving. Lucre laughs manically as he leaves, and Ron remarks that he at least has that down as they contemplate the situation they're in.

Rufus tries to bite them out, but the rope is rough and scratching his tongue, and Kim tells him to pretend it's string cheese. Kim gets annoyed at Ron's loud chewing of the lettuce Lucre gave them, so Ron says if she'd rather fall into a pit of ravenous snapping turtles to be his guest. Rufus manages to cut the net and they fall into the pool. The snapping turtles, however, get scared at this and retreat into their shells. Kim picks one up and remarks that maybe next time Lucre will spring for piranhas. She tells Ron it's time to go as they need to find that can of sausages.

Meanwhile, Lucre checks up on how much money he's received. He believes that he now has a fortune, but becomes shocked that the world has only sent him $17.28. He then dons his fake beard and mustache and sends out another transmission telling the people of the world that they've failed. He says that if they had only bowed to his will, it would've only cost them a mere dollar. He says that in 5 minutes he will destroy the internet and cost them millions of dollars. He then ends by saying if anyone still wants to send in that dollar to do so now, but no one listens to him. As a woman is distracted, Lucre slips the can of Vienna Sausages into her shopping cart, then chuckles evilly as he watches her from behind a shelf.

Kim and Ron arrive at Smarty Mart, where they are greeted by another sales associate, much to Kim's frustration. Ron notices Lucre and points it out to Kim, while Lucre happily watches the woman head to check out her items. Kim confronts Lucre and demands that he cough up the sausages, but Ron becomes disgusted at the implied meaning and asks Kim to rephrase it. Lucre says that they're too late, and that his Vienna surprise is already in place, telling them to observe. Lucre counts down to when the internet will be destroyed, but the can of sausages is not checked with the woman, much to Lucre's surprise. Kim realizes that she must have put them back on the shelf, and Ron says that canned meat is in aisle 22, with Kim remarking how she does not want to even think about how he knows that. Kim says that Lucre planted his virus on an expired can, with Ron saying that Smarty Mart policy is "if it's expired, it's retired", so it should be easy to find. They arrive there and find that much to their dismay, there are a ton of cans to look through.

Lucre then knocks down the Brain Mascot and makes an announcement that they're having a brainstorm on Vienna Sausages: 10 cans for a dollar. Tons of customers rush to aisle 22, and the cans disappear in an instant before Kim and Ron can look at any of them. Ron remarks that that was fast, and Kim says that she'll find Lucre and orders Ron to find that can.

As Kim heads through the toy section, Lucre drives past in a toy car and she tries to follow him. As she nearly reaches him, he rips a hole in a ball bin, causing balls to bounce all over the place and therefore delaying Kim. Lucre heads to the gardening section and laughs, believing he got away, but Kim shows up on a motorized scooter telling him to give it up. Lucre says he'll never give it up and rams the scooter with his car causing Kim to fly and land belly down on a table. He then laughs manically, but accidentally crashes into a forklift carrying boxes of flour.

Meanwhile, Ron begins taking cans of Vienna Sausages from peoples' carts giving customers various reasons for doing so, while Rufus examines them to see if any of them are the right one.

Kim examines the wreck and sees a trail of flour leading to a pants rack. She takes off a pair of pants from the rack, but Lucre is not under it. She then remarks that these pants aren't half bad. Lucre then rams a cart full of clothes into her and laughs again. He begins to run away, and Kim borrows a security tag placer from a sales associate.

Meanwhile, Ron tells a man to give him a can of the sausage saying that future of the internet could be in his hands, but the man refuses to do so because of the extremely low prices. Ron is able to distract the man by telling him to look at the price on some processed cheese, and grabs the can. He sees the expiration date is 1999 and realizes that this is the correct can. He announces this to Kim and she announces back that she has Lucre. She leaps and attaches a security tag to his vest, which activates the alarms as he tries to escape. The sales associate from the front entrance grabs Lucre and leads him back into the store. Ron then eats the sausages saying that they're actually pretty and have a interesting color, much to Kim's confusion and amusement. Kim then admits that Lucre's bargain brand villainy was right up there with big budget evil. Lucre says that Kim may have stopped him this time, but that he will return. He then laughs manically again, then admits that it will depend on whether or not his mom bails him out.

Later at school in the cafeteria, Ron remarks that at $1.50 for a soft pretzel, the cafeteria lady must think he's made of money. He then notices that Kim is actually secretly looking through a Smarty Mart catalog, with Kim remarking that pretzels there are 2 for a dollar. Kim says that the store manager was so grateful that he gave her a $100 gift certificate, and admits that it really is silly to pay designer label prices for the same stuff. She then says that this rule does not apply though to a really really super cool pair of boots at Club Banana. Ron points out the same pair of boots in the Smarty Mart catalog, but Kim says that the Smarty Mart boots come in black, while the Club Banana boots come in Onix (which is just another term for black that some stores use). Ron then puts his hand on his face in frustration, as Kim still hasn't gotten over her "discountaphobia", as the episode ends.

Grudge Match

Kim, Ron, and Monique are waiting in line to see a movie at the local megaplex, although Ron's having a harder time waiting than the other two. During the wait, Ron mentions that the least favorite part of going to the movies is dealing with a ticket counter taker named Lamar, who's notorious for being slow and having clammy wet hands. Instead the ticket taker is an attractive young Hispanic girl named Zita Flores, and Ron immediately becomes tongue-tied over her.

After the movie, Kim, Ron, & Monique attend Bueno Nacho, and discuss Ron's trouble with girls. Much of the discussion (as well as the episode) is centered around his attempts to comply with The Rules. During the discussion, Wade reports a hit on her website from her father, who needs her to find an important robot that was stolen from the Middleton Institute of Technology.

Dr. Possible and Fen
At the lab, James Possible explains that the robot that was stolen had artificial intelligence, which is necessary for a proposed Jupiter project. The same Jupiter project involves a large electromagnet that swiped Ron's pants. One of his co-workers who works in the robotics department is named Dr. Fen (Tom Kenny). It is uncertain how he received this position, as he is actually a rather incompetent roboticist. All the robots he makes on his own attack him or try to hurt him. In his own dream for credit and fame, he claimed a robot he made was stolen (when in reality he had never even built it) and blamed this on an ex-lab assistant, Vivian Porter.

Vivian was Dr. Fen's former lab partner, but he fired her, claiming that she "couldn't keep up". However, according to Dr. Possible, Vivian quit after she had enough of Fen. Vivian is a fan of a local underground robot fighting club, known as the "Robot Rumble." Kim's nerdy cousin Larry (see "Monkey Fist Strikes") is also a member of the club, and helps Kim and Ron infiltrate it in hopes of finding Vivian. The Robot Rumble is accessed through a series of freight elevators, mining cars, and underground tunnels. Larry warns them not to get on the bad side of her boyfriend Oliver, who he believes established the club to begin with.

Vivian, Oliver, and the Robot Rumble
At the rumble, Kim introduces herself to Vivian (Shawnee Smith), who's quite pleased to meet another member of the Possible family, until she mentions that she's working for Fen, and turns on her. Oliver and Vivian insist that Kim challenges her to a duel in the makeshift arena, but Kim doesn't have a robot on her. When she contacts Wade about it, he suggests using the Kimmunicator, causing the whole club to laugh at the three of them. The Kimmunicator does surprisingly well for such a small device, but in the end gets destroyed. During the battle, Kim realizes that her robot has artificial intelligence, and insinuates that she may have got it at the space center. Oliver stands up to defend Vivian, and as her robot returns her crushed Kimmunicator, Kim, Ron, and Larry are expelled, with the rest of the nerds angrily demanding that they leave!

Pursuit of Zita and the Robot
Ron resumes attending movies in hopes of meeting Zita, who he originally thinks is named Annie, because the theater didn't get her own name tag for her uniform. In the process of trying to meet her, he ends up seeing every movie, or at leasst buying tickets for every movie the theater has to offer. Ron ends up watching a sappy teen romance movie, that he finds implausible, when suddenly Wade interrupts the movie to summon Ron on one of Kim's missions. In a spoof of John Hughes movies, the rest of the theater patrons interpret this as a romantic moment, and applaud wildly thinking Kim is his waiting girlfriend.

On the way out of the theater, Ron tries to avoid being seen with Kim, so that Zita doesn't think they're dating. When he explains this to Kim, she finds the whole notion that they could ever go on a date to be quite amusing. After this, however, she's all business. Though they succeed in breaking into the underground arena, and are able to get the Robot for Fen, Ron accidentally sets off a trap and falls into the pit. Kim manages to help him get out, but both end up being chased through the tunnels by one of the robots from the arena. During the chase, the Kimmunicator gets knocked out of Kim's hands and winds up in front of the cart. When Ron & Rufus try to retrieve it, they get knocked off the cart, leaving Kim to fight the robot alone. To make matters worse, a train appears to be heading their way. The robot retreats, and we find that fortunately, this "train" is actually Ron & Rufus on a hand-pump car using the Kimmunicator flashing a huge spotlight and a bullhorn to increase the train sound coming from the Kimmunicator to scare the robot away.

The real expert
After snatching the robot for Fen, Kim returns home, but something about the caper seems to rub her the wrong way. While there, she finds that Jim and Tim have made their own robot for the rumble, and Mr. Dr. Possible is quite impressed. That is until it starts wrecking the furniture and grabbing the tweebs, which reminds the Possible patriarch of his co-worker Dr. Fen. Kim's high level of common sense and alertness allowed her to realize that Dr. Fen was a fraud, Just then Wade signals Kim to let her know that Fen doesn't have a single scholarly article on robotics, and somebody named "V.F. Porter" has them instead. Before Kim and Ron arrive to confront Fen, Oliver accuses him of stealing the robot, and almost attacks him, until Vivian stops him. Kim finally enters the lab to tell him she knows he's the thief, but Fen insists that he doesn't care, because he's got the reputation as the expert. He then threatens to destroy Oliver's robot if Kim didn't let him go, but a clever use of the same electromagnet from the Jupiter project saved the robot. In the process, Oliver also gets caught in the magnet and we find out Oliver was also a robot.

As Dr. Possible arrives with police escorts, Kim explained that she figured out who the real genius was and pointed out Fen as the fraud. Vivian is an expert in robotics who was framed by Dr. Fen so that he could steal her artificial intelligence robot. Presumably, he had been stealing others' ideas for a while, but in the end, Fen was arrested. Vivian was awarded Fen's position in the robotics lab, and she was more than enthusiastic to take the job.

Ron finally thinks he has a chance to ask Zita out at the movie theater, but ends up meeting the dreaded Lamar at the ticket window this time. But just when all hope seems lost, he finds out as he sits down to watch the movie that Zita is sitting right next to him. Both enjoy each other's company, and the same sappy movie that Ron was watching previously. And Rufus enjoys every sappy minute of seeing them together.

Two to Tutor

Kim and Ron eject from a fighter jet, returning from a mission. They parachute down to school, where Kim meets Monique at the school's entrance. Monique tells Kim that slots for the Photography elective are filling up quickly - but first Kim and Monique need to help Ron get down from the flagpole he landed on.

They all go in for registration for electives, and the halls are swamped. Kim stresses about there still being space in photography. Ron mentions that he has Photography as his back-up choice, and selected Kick-Boxing and Interpretive Dance as his priority choices. Unfortunately for them, the two find out that Bonnie receives the last spot in Photography and that Kick-Boxing and Interpretive Dance are already full. Due to all the other classes being filled, Kim and Ron are left with the last remaining elective - Home Economics.

At Senor Senior, Senior and Senor Senior, Junior's Island, Senior shows Junior a slideshow of his failures while Junior sunbathes. He is not particularly interested or phased about his father's disappointment, until Senior reveals to Junior that he has organized for Shego to tutor him in being more evil. Senior believes that he is failing to reach Junior, and that is why Junior hasn't succeeded in being interested in villainy to the degree Senior desires him to.

At school, Kim is disappointed that her and Ron only had Home Economics left to choose from, believing it to be a 'lame' elective. Ron seems more optimistic than her, smiling and wondering whether they get to eat what they make. Upon entering they find a badly maintained classroom, dusty and filled with cobwebs and bugs. On top of this Kim and Ron are the only two students - to the teacher, Mr. Barkin's, great dismay. He ties on an apron as he explains that he is giving the class due to the previous teacher's retirement six years ago - which nobody noticed until that morning.

Shego begins teaching Junior by asking him what the first thing is that every villain needs, to which Junior incorrectly responds first with 'an evil laugh' followed by 'a villainous calling card' and a couple of other incorrect answers. Shego eventually explains to him that the first thing that every villain needs is the basic tools of the trade.

Mr. Barkin begins the Home Economics class on a similar note, "The first thing every chef needs is the basic tools of the trade - your helmet and trenching shovel." Ron immediately questions where Mr. Barkin learned to cook, causing Barkin to have a flashback to his days in the military, and offers to assist with his own knowledge of cooking instead. When Barkin questions Ron, Ron reminisces about the Granny Crocket cooking set he used to bake with when he was eight. Mr. Barkin passes him the apron and Ron immediately proves himself to be a very competent and confident baker. Kim is surprised at Ron's skill, but has no luck herself when her turn comes.

Shego leads Junior on a series of nighttime burglaries in order to gather items for their villainous pursuits and help Junior gain experience in villainy.

Kim struggles to accomplish anything in Home Economics, particularly in getting her mixer to cooperate. Mr. Barkin tells Ron to guide her. He uses her mixer easily, as if in sync with it, and tells Kim she should aim to achieve the same - essentially becoming one with the mixer. But once more Kim has no luck. She watches the photography students - namely Bonnie - dismally out the window. Behind her, Ron gives Mr. Barkin a taste of light, fluffy chocolate cake that he made. Barkin is so impressed with Ron's cake that he hands the class over to Ron. In desperation Kim asks Wade for any mission he has available for her - anything to get her out of Home Economics, especially now that Ron is the teacher.

Wade tells her about a series of small-time robberies, which Kim and Ron go to investigate. At Francois' hair-salon, Haute D'Style they learn that all of his Le Goop hair-gel was stolen - a clue which points them straight to Junior, and, they suspect, Senior. But Francois informs them he was with a woman who matches Shego's appearance.

The next step of training requires Junior to come up with a specific evil scheme. While him and Shego brainstorm something to steal, Senior enters the room - interrupting Shego's train of thought. Frustrated, the two usher him out. Junior eventually searches for the words 'really valuable' and 'heavily guarded' online and comes up with a result which they both like the idea of.

At Middleton High School Kim goes to lunch but finds the cafeteria absolutely deserted - even the Lunch Lady departs saying she has a reservation at the Home Economics room. Curious, Kim goes to investigate, only to find a crowded room and Rufus playing host for a world-class dining experience led by Ron. Students are clamoring to try his cuisine. Barkin decides to put Ron in charge of food-services for the whole school, and puts Kim on dish-washing duty so she can still get class credits. Kim is clearly both jealous and unhappy with the situation.
While Shego spars with Junior, defeating him in combat, Senior comes into the room to investigate how the lessons are going. He comments on Junior being a difficult student, but Shego replies that he isn't so bad once his attention is gained.

While Ron entertains the students with a live demonstration of his cooking in the cafeteria, Kim begrudgingly serves the students from behind the counter while wearing a hair-net.

Junior is practicing sneakily breaking and entering while Shego records his time. She tells him he needs more practice, right after which Senior comes in and asks if Junior wants to join him in working on their evil laughs together. Shego and Junior dismiss Senior.

After school at Bueno Nacho Ron plans his menu for the next day's cuisine, while Kim gets data from Wade on the situation with Shego and Junior. Wade reveals that he found an advert in a criminal's magazine submitted by Senior requesting a tutor. Kim and Ron thus come to the conclusion that Shego must be tutoring Junior - just as Ron is tutoring Kim, much to Kim's disdain.

Shego and Junior are sparring together and Junior manages to defeat Shego. She congratulates him on his progress. Senior tries to come in to see how the training is going but Shego and Junior lead him out the room before he can even enter. Junior then practices breaking and entering once again and Shego congratulates him on the perfect timing, declaring him ready to partake in their mission.

Back at Kim's home her, Ron and Wade speculate on what Shego and Junior could be scheming. Ron suggests they run a web-search on the words 'really valuable' and 'heavily guarded'. Kim thinks the idea is silly, but Wade agrees that Ron might be onto something.

The search leads them to Granny Crocket's Frontier Cookies, where the alleged most valuable and heavily guarded item in the world is kept. Namely, her cookie recipe. The employees and Granny Crocket mention that they've already been tipped off - by Senior - about a planned break-in. They show Kim and Ron the extent of their security measures, and then dismiss them. One of the guards peeves Kim by calling her 'little missy' as he ushers her and Ron out. Kim decides that 'little missy' is going to get to the cookie recipe before Shego and Junior.

At nightfall Shego and Junior infiltrate the factory without any hitches and Junior successfully acquires a slip of paper that they believe to be the recipe - only to find out that Kim and Ron beat them to the recipe and have it safely in their possession, leaving Junior with a note simply saying "You are so busted". Rufus activates the security system by jumping into an alarm beam and combat ensues.

Ron and Junior banter for a moment before Junior surprises Ron by breaking out his new combat moves. Ron distracts Junior with his own 'new combat moves' and runs off with Rufus. They enter the main factory where Ron is momentarily distracted by the smell of vanilla. Junior takes the chance to knock Ron off the edge of the railing and onto a conveyor belt. He then jumps down and approaches a seemingly cornered Ron. Luckily, Rufus did not fall off and uses the factories controls to dump a load of batter and sprinkles onto junior, immobilizing him.

While Kim and Shego fight Kim is pushed and lands in a huge mixer pot of what appears to be chocolate. During her fall she drops her grappling hook. Unable to escape the gooey mixture, Kim uses Ron's inspiration on becoming one with the electric mixer in Home Economics in order to get out of her sticky situation. She manages to escape the mixer and knock Shego away from the controls.

Junior and Shego are lead away by helicopter, presumably destined for jail. However, it is revealed that Senior is piloting the helicopter. He dismisses and releases Shego, much to Junior's dismay. She jumps out of the helicopter and rides off with Drakken.

Back at school, Kim is getting used to Home Economics class, and even though Ron says Photography has more space now that people have flocked to Home Economics, Kim decides to stay where she is, as she's finally getting the hang of it - thanks to her great tutor.

The Ron Factor

Kim Possible and Ron Stoppable chase a shrouded ninja warrior into a building, at whose underground levels they discover that it was a ninja bot actually and that all had been a test of Global Justice. Its leader, Dr. Director, requests the sole assistance of Ron then, for the surprise of Kim. The scientists of Global Justice had been following the activities of Kim and Ron, determining that the success of Kimmie is due to the so-called Ron Factor.

While Ron teaches his secret to the Global Justice soldiers, eating Chimurritos in Bueno Nacho, Worldwide Evil Empire henchmen irrupt, abducting Ron. In his headquarters, a maritime platform, the evil leader Gemini explains that Ron is needed to defeat Global Justice. While both sides attempt to persuade Ron with Bueno Nacho Grande Size Chimurrito orders, Ron resists in captivity holding a repartee duel with Gemini, on acronyms and other things.

Then, both Kim and Dr. Director irrupt into the headquarters, defeating Gemini's henchmen. It results that Dr. Director, whose real name is Betty, is revealed then as the just elder twin sister of Gemini, Sheldon. Gemini had to steal the Ron Factor (Ron himself), just to outmatch his own sister like during their childhood years. Ron traps Gemini with a Chinese finger trap, so Gemini knocks himself out, activating his electrocuting index finger. Then, Ron explains to Dr. Director, that such Ron Factor doesn't exist, but it's all about the Kim factor with just a little splash of Ron.

Finally, the scientists of Global Justice spot another factor by which Kim Possible is successful: "The Rufus factor, after deciding that the "Ron Factor" is a Non-factor".

Virtu-Ron

Immersion caps, an experimental next generation gaming technology, are stolen from Everlot Inc.

The immersion caps are are a type of virtual reality platform, enabling the player to experience a game with all of their senses. Unfortunately the technology is faulty, preventing players from removing the immersion cap until they have completed the game they are playing with the cap.

Among the scientists working on the devices is Mr. Nevious, who calls for Kim's assistance in finding and returning the missing devices. Mr. Nevious, it turns out, is the father of Malcolm Nevious - an Everlot player who has been using the technology in order to give him an upper hand in gameplay in order to achieve his goal of becoming the overlord of Everquest and thereby impressing Zita and convincing her to become his queen.

The Fearless Ferret

While doing community service hours for school credits, Ron, longing to become more of a hero, finds himself charged with assisting a notoriously difficult and cranky home-bound senior. However, he soon finds out there is more to Timothy North than a bad attitude and a big mansion. Ron finds himself carrying on a legacy of Timothy North's and becoming the Fearless Ferret 2.0 - on the condition that he keeps his identity a secret. The Fearless Ferret's return does not go unnoticed by his old enemy. Meanwhile, Kim knows that something's up and is determined to find out what.

Exchange

Middleton High welcomes a mysterious wild-haired stranger, named Hirotaka, that practically every girl at school falls head over heels for. To the surprise of the student body, and the delight of Bonnie Rockwaller, Ron is transferred to an equally mysterious secret ninja school in a student exchange. As the new boy makes himself at home, Kim and Monique comment on how easily the other girls at school cling to him and follow him around, despite their own desires to do the same. When Brick Flagg threatens to fight with him over this, Hirotaka defeats him with almost no effort, and Monique is immediately impressed with him. Later in a conversation with Hirotaka, Kim mentions her familiarity with Mantis Kung Fu, and he tests her abilities, and to her surprise finds that she has become one of the "crushing sheep" of Middleton High as well. From this point on, Kim and Monique get into a steadily intensifying competition to impress the exchange student. Kim even goes so far as to use Wade to try to track him down for a date.

Upon his arrival in Japan, Ron is greeted by a young girl named Yori, who leads him by foot to Yamanouchi's secret ninja school. She is highly skilled in martial arts. Besides hand to hand combat, her weapon of choice seems to be two blade-edged fans, which she can wield with impressive cutting force. Yori also has a crush on Ron, which he mistakes for mere friendliness.

The Yamanouchi school's headmaster is Master Sensei, a traditional "wise old master", who is a marital artist possessing a wide range of abilities, a product of his many years of training and experience, regardless of his advanced years and small stature. He also seems to possess a wide range of spiritual abilities, such as astral projection, and the ability to levitate. But despite these skills, Sensei seems to prefer not involving himself directly in conflicts unless he has to, most likely because he believes such acts are best left to the young, whom he does his best to pass his knowledge on to through the Yamanouchi school.

Besides Yori, another student at Yamanouchi's ninja school is Fukushima. During his training, Sensei reveals to Ron, that the school was founded by an ancient master who built it using the sacred and powerful Lotus Blade. When he tells the tale, Fukushima voiced his protest, resentful of an outsider being allowed to enter the school, but is scolded into submission by Sensei. Afterwards, he is shown hazing Ron and laughing whenever he makes a mistake. However, Yori is unwavering in her support of Ron and has the utmost confidence in his abilities, although Rufus proves to be far more adaptable to the school's regiment. Even during Ron's clumsier moments, her opinion of him is never changed. In fact, while others are put off, Yori actually seems to welcome Ron's clumsy moments, seeing them as a good tension breaker in a stressful situation. She frequently gives him a kiss on the cheek, apparently to give him encouragement, but she also has a crush on him, something that's revealed in the episode when they meet again to save Master Sensei from DNAmy[1]. Meanwhile, Monkey Fist waits outside the school grounds and steals the Lotus Blade in yet another attempt to become the most powerful user of Mystical Monkey powers.

Convinced that he is failing both at his ninja training, and absorbing Japanese culture, Ron is about to leave, when Sensei informs him that Yori fought Monkey Fist and his monkey ninjas instead and was captured. Like Yori, Sensei has an unwavering confidence in Ron and his abilities and sees him as a true warrior, and that he was selected as an exchange student because of his exposure to Mystical Monkey Power in Monkey Fist Strikes. Despite his lack of confidence in his abilities, he postpones his return to Middleton in order to rescue her. Fukushima teams up with him for the mission, but upon arrival at Monkey Fist's volcano lair, he ends up betraying Yamanouchi to serve Monkey Fist in his attempt to steal the Lotus Blade by telling him the location of the Lotus Blade, and leading Ron into the simian supervillain's trap.

Both Ron & Yori are placed in a cage to be dipped into a lava pit, along with Rufus, who is in a different cage, but Ron reminds Fukushima that helping a supervillain wouldn't look good on his school record, and would keep him from entering a good ninja college. However, Monkey Fist counters his persuasion by promising to write Fukushima a letter of recommendation, once he'd led an army of monkey ninjas into battle. Realizing that Rufus was also exposed to mystical monkey powers, he immediately sends him to rescue Ron and Yori. Later, after Ron and Yori have escaped, the students of Yamanouchi and Master Sensei arrived to fight Monkey Fist and his ninja monkeys. Fukushima engaged in battle with Ron, who in the few times successfully employs his Mystical Monkey Powers easily, and ironically, defeats him.

As he leaves, the school honors him, but insists that he vows never to reveal his activities to the outside world.

Rufus vs. Commodore Puddles

Ron tries to film his own monster movie in his garage, starring Rufus as the monster, but Rufus breaks character by snacking in the middle of a shot. Kim thinks Ron is taking the film too seriously, then stumbles upon a home video labeled "Ron's Big Day". Ron quickly snatches the video from her, and explains that he is determined to redefine the monster movie genre at the upcoming Tri-City Film Festival. Wade calls in and says Dr. Drakken has ordered a shrink ray, which is being shipped to the Mohave Desert.

In his desert lair, Drakken reveals his plan to Shego: to shrink himself to microscopic size, so that he will be able to sneak into Area 51. While they are setting up the shrink ray, Drakken's poodle, Commodore Puddles, wants to be let out. Drakken tells him to wait, and Shego reminds Drakken that he agreed to take care of the dog if he was allowed to have one. Drakken insists that he will, but later, leaving Commodore Puddles disappointed.

Kim and Ron get ride to the desert from Special Agents Smith and Smith, then travel toward Drakken's lair with rocket skates and a skateboard.

Just as Drakken is about to shrink himself, Commodore Puddles distracts him again, which gives Kim and Ron time to burst in. Shego attacks Kim, and Ron begins filming the action for his movie. Out of patience, Commodore Puddles relieves himself on the shrink ray, which causes it to begin sparking. Kim accidentally tosses Shego into Ron, and the resulting collision knocks Rufus and Commodore Puddles onto the shrink ray's targeting platform. Commodore Puddles shoves Rufus into the shrink ray, which targets the dog. Shego then knocks Kim into the ON button, and Commodore Puddles is hit by the ray's beam. However, instead of shrinking, the dog begins growing, until his head bursts through the roof of the lair. Drakken and Shego climb on, now planning to just invade Area 51 with the now giant Commodore Puddles.

The approach of Commodore Puddles terrifies the residents of a nearby trailer park.

Kim is concerned about stopping the dog, but Ron is more worried that his film is incomplete. Kim and Ron rush ahead to Area 51, where she tries to explain the incoming threat to the guards. Commodore Puddles arrives while they are talking, so the base shifts into battle stations, and Kim is directed to General Sims, who surprisingly has protocol in place to deal with attack by a giant dog. Jets drop giant doggie treats as a distraction, but Commodore Puddles spits out the first and ignores the rest, apparently accustomed to better treats. Next, giant dog whistles are deployed, in the hopes of forcing Commodore Puddles into a large pet carrier. The soldier with the remote is knocked down, forcing Kim to retrieve and activate the remote. This works a little too well, because while Commodore Puddles begins to retreat, several normal-sized dogs show up in a frenzy and knock over the whistles.

The soldiers, along with Kim and Ron, retreat to the underground levels of Area 51. On the way, Kim asks what the big secret of Area 51 is. Oddly enough, General Sims reveals that all the rumors that people hear about Area 51 are true, because the base is careful to only leak information that is entirely accurate, although no one outside knows this. Commodore Puddles begins to dig his way into the base. Out of options, General Sims prepares to start the base's self-destruct sequence in order to keep it out of Drakken's hands. However, he agrees to give Kim ten more minutes to stop Drakken at her request.

Kim manages to trip Commodore Puddles by tying up his legs, but Drakken simply has him roll over to get free. Commodore Puddles captures Kim and Ron, but Rufus escapes in one of Kim's rocket skates.

As Drakken begins to celebrate his victory, Rufus returns, now giant-sized as well. While Rufus and Commodore Puddles begin fighting, Kim gets free and starts fighting Shego. Both Commodore Puddles and Shego are defeated and locked in the pet carrier. Drakken sneaks onto an alien spaceship and takes off, only to discover three aliens on board who seem unhappy that he tried to steal their ship. As such, the aliens reclaimed control of their ship, flying off with a screaming Drakken.

At the Tri-City Film Festival, Ron thinks his film is sure to win. However, Kim hears the audience laughing during the screening. Special Agents Smith and Smith show up and inform them that they switched tapes, since all of the footage Ron captured was deemed classified. Unfortunately for Ron, the tape they substituted his movie with was "Ron's Big Day", a home video of Ron learning to use the toilet.

A Sitch in Time

It is the beginning of a new school year, but the start of a fun year is ruined when Ron finds out he is moving to Norway. He and Kim say goodbye and agree to do whatever it takes for them to keep fighting crime together. Meanwhile, Dr. Drakken, Shego, Duff Killigan, and Monkey Fist team up to steal the Time Monkey, a small statuette used to travel through time. With help from her computer guru Wade and Monique, Kim follows the villains to Australia as they steal the head of the Time Monkey, but the villains connect the head to the body inside the Time Monkey's temple in Africa, and they escape through the resulting time portal.

Shortly afterward, Kim is visited by a large talking mole rat from the future, a descendant of Rufus named Rufus 3000, who gives Kim a time-travel device and explains that "The Supreme One" is preparing to take over the world. Meanwhile, Drakken, Killigan, and Monkey Fist turn themselves into little children and travel back in time to Kim's first day in preschool in order to discourage her from becoming a crime fighter. Posing as her schoolmates, the villains try to bully the four-year-old Kim, but she defeats them and makes friends with Ron, and the high-school-age Kim arrives to fight Shego, who has been observing her accomplices.

With their preschool plot foiled, the villains turn back into adults and escape forward in time, to a day when Kim and Ron are middle-school teenagers. When a billionaire traps himself in the web of deadly laser beams that guard his vault, his security expert accidentally contacts Kim through her new babysitting website, so, after a neighbor drives Kim and Ron to the billionaire's mansion, Kim uses her cheer leading gymnastic skills to jump through the laser beams and save the billionaire. Monkey Fist goes into the past and retrieves a huge rock gorilla, which attacks Kim, but high-school-age Kim and Ron appear, and high-school Ron destroys the rock gorilla by accidentally activating the security lasers. As police officers arrest Drakken, Killigan, and Monkey Fist, Shego, after being visited by her future self while watching the fight, escapes with the Time Monkey into the future. Rufus 3000 then arrives and reveals to Kim that Shego is The Supreme One, not Drakken stating that he thought it was obvious to her since Shego is the only one smart enough to actually take over the world. Kim then activates the time portal and she, Ron, Rufus, and Rufus 3000 go to the future to stop her.

In the future, Shego has become dictator of the world and made everyone her slaves. Kim and Ron are captured and sent to their old high school to be brainwashed, but they are rescued by Kim's twin brothers Tim and Jim, along with Rufus 3000 and an army of naked mole rats. The twins take Kim and Ron to the secret headquarters of the political resistance movement, whose leader is Wade. Together, they and all of the Rufuses sneak into Shego's castle, where they fight their way past the villains and an army of monkeys to the room where Shego keeps the Time Monkey.

After capturing Kim and her friends, Shego reveals that she separated Kim and Ron by making money in the 1990s stock-market boom, offering Ron's mother a very well-paying job in Norway, her reason being that while together, Kim and Ron actually made a decent team, but if they were apart, they could not stop her. In his anger at having to live in Norway and the destruction of his favorite restaurant, Ron throws Drakken (despite the latter being muscular and very strong) across the room. The twins, Wade, and Rufus 3000 break out of their chains and Ron unintentionally causes the pillars that hold up the palace ceiling to collapse, causing the Time Monkey to fall to the floor and break and undoing all the effects of Shego's time travel. This causes Kim, Ron, and Rufus to float through a time portal and travel back to the first scene of the film, at the end of their first school day. At the moment when the first time disturbance occurred, a wave of time distortion washes over Kim and Ron, and when the moment has passed, the world has been restored to its original state and the two teens have lost all memory of events, except Ron knows he hates meat cakes, which he was forced to eat in Norway.

A Very Possible Christmas

Another Christmas at the Possible family household, which means it's an incredibly elaborate one. Even Nana Possible is involved. Despite the fact that he's Jewish, Ron also enjoys celebrating Christmas with the Possible family, and also enjoys the Christmas special The Six Tasks of Snowman Hank. This year, however the Christmas special is canceled, and replaced with a winter extreme sports special called Xtreme Xmas, and Ron is devastated by this. That is until Kim cheers him up by giving him an early Hanukkah present.

During Kim's Christmas caroling, Wade beeps in to check on her, then finds that Shego stole a sophisticated battery for Drakken so he can take over the world in a rocket called "Drak-Force One." What Drakken doesn't realize is that Shego has made her own vacation plans, thereby leaving Drakken to take over the world on his own. Seeking to give Kim a better gift than some Bueno Nacho coupons, Ron decides to let her spend Christmas with the family and tries to stop Drakken by himself.

Managing to get a boat captain to give him a ride to Drakken's lair, Ron breaks in much more easily than he expects, and though he manages to take the battery after the rocket is launched, he's caught by Drakken and they fight over it. During the fight, Drakken and Ron crush the Kimmunicator, launch all the escape pods, and end up setting off the self-destruct mode. Out of desperation, Drakken suggests that they use the garbage disposal as an escape pod, and they come to a landing in the Arctic.

While there, Ron and Drakken blame each other for getting them stranded. The argument elevates into a snowball fight, and Drakken almost throws his cell phone at him, until Ron recommends using it to call for help. However, since he's a villain, rather than calling the authorities, Drakken calls Shego instead, who's clearly disinterested and would prefer some time at a beach resort. Drakken instead leaves a message in her voice mail box, but not before finding Ron rummaging through the trash for food that he wants. Both start fighting again.

Meanwhile as the Possible's are performing the Christmas skit, a parcel delivery man knocks on the door with a present for Kim. This present turns out to be a new Kimmunicator from Wade, which he urges her to open early. Wade reveals that Drakken was plotting to take over the world and Ron tried to stop him on his own, but that escape pods from Drakken's rocket are scattered throughout the globe. Kim cuts her holiday short and desperately tries to find him. The first pod is in London, She's flown there by Nakasumi and Miss Kyoko, and is greeted by the London Police Department, but Ron is nowhere to be found. The same goes for the Mediterranean Sea, some non-descript mountain range, and the deserts of Egypt. The last stop is the Amazon Rain Forest, where Kim learns that a distress signal is coming from. At this point, the only things keeping her from reaching the pod are: a river, a high tree, and an anaconda that nearly strangles her to death. Much to her surprise (and embarrassment), the family comes to her rescue. While Kim resumes finding Ron, Jim and Tim borrow her Kimmunicator to watch Xtreme Xmas. As Kim finally enters the last pod, she finds the "distress signal" is merely a monkey randomly playing with the buttons.

Drakken negotiates with Ron over a half-eaten chicken leg, and Rufus suggests trading his cell-phone for it. As Ron makes his emergency phone call, he and Drakken face a polar bear and flee back into the garbage pod. By the way, it was Drakken who quickly pulled Ron away from the bear, and back into the garbage pod. The bear pushes them off a cliff and they survive, but continue to argue. During this argument Drakken reveals that like Ron, he too is a huge fan of "Snowman Hank." But when Ron informs him that it is canceled, he takes the news almost as hard as Ron did at Kim's house, if not harder. Both vow to keep the memory of the Christmas special alive. Meanwhile, on that previous beach resort, a cabana boy offers Shego some perks: he claims that "a gentleman" offered to pay for her vacation, then gives her a message. It turns out to be Drakken. She checks the voice mail message Drakken left earlier, and then heads north. Shego barges into a live broadcast of "Xtreme Xmas," steals a snowboard from an extreme sports athlete (directly in front of the host) and starts pursuing Drakken. The host is so impressed by her "extreme-ness" that he gets his crew to follow her.

Just as Kim has given up all hope of finding Ron, Jim & Tim inform her that Shego is on "Xtreme Xmas," tracking down Dr. Drakken at the North Pole. The Possibles take off again, this time for the frozen north, to find Ron before Shego does. Kim and Shego fight it out on jet-powered snowboards as they're being televised worldwide. Kim runs into a snowman modeled after "Hank" and quickly finds Rufus and Ron there building it. Shego and Kim continue to fight each other, and the Xtreme Xmas host tries to exploit their battle for entertainment purposes. But Drakken breaks up the fight and invites them over for Christmas dinner, where Kim kisses Ron on the cheek under a substitute for mistletoe. None of the Possibles, nor Shego know what to make of the situation, but they all go along with it anyway. However Drakken cheerfully vows to end the truce after the new year, and "open up a bag of freak on all of you." But for the time being, heroes and villains alike sing the theme to "The Six Tasks of Snowman Hank" in celebration of the holidays.

Queen Bebe

Kim finally gets swamped when nonstop missions and extracurricular activities begin interfering with each other. Among her activities is big clean-up of Middleton Park, and the school dance committee. Just then, Bonnie tries to seize an opportunity to chair the dance committee, promising to invite Smash Mouth to perform there. Ron tries to convince her to cut down on her activities, but Kim refuses, claiming "She wouldn't settle for chair... she'd want throne!" To make matters worse a brazen crime spree occurs, at first involving the stealing machinery from a factory that makes Britina dolls, which results in a toy store manager summoning her for help. Then, a factory in Sweden which manufactures mannequins is target by these thieves. As Kim arrives at the mannequin factory, the Killer Bebes watch from an overhead catwalk, and overhear her talking with Ron about Bonnie, claiming she's the bossiest person on the planet. In spite of Ron's efforts to stop the upcoming theft by tying himself to the machinery, the factory is stolen right in front of them, and Kim and the security guard end up being tied up along with him.

Way over-scheduled
Kim and Ron return to Middleton, humiliated over being foiled at the dummy factory. Just then Wade beeps in and shows her the factory's security tapes, which reveal the return of the Bebes. As it turns out, they're building a hive for themselves, and feel they need a queen for their victory over the human race. Kim eventually figures this out while watching another old sponsored film about honey bees at school. Just then Wade beeps in claiming to want to meet them at a scientific lab. Ron thinks that they'll finally get to see him in person, but when they arrive they only find his image at another PC in a cubicle, then in a hallway lined with monitors. Somehow, Wade has been working with some rats in a maze, one of which is wearing a pair of super-speed shoes. Kim requests a pair her size (seven), and gets one right away. However, Wade urges her not to wear them more than she needs to. At the same time, Rufus steals the pair the experimental rat was wearing, and uses it for himself. Kim takes them home, puts them on, and cleans up her room in a flash. She then turns down a ride from her father, races throughout Middleton (dragging Ron with her), cleans up the park and props up the gym with the decorations she originally planned to add. Just then, Wade beeps in to let her know, that the Bebe's hive has been spotted in the Gulf of Mexico off the west coast of Florida.

"I could walk there faster."
Upon the helicopter ride to the island, Kim finds that she's moving so fast that time is standing still. Neither Joe (the helicopter pilot), Ron, nor Wade can hear her. When she makes a sarcastic remark about being able to walk there faster, she decides to get a head start, and literally runs on the water toward the island. Much to her surprise Bonnie was the one chosen as their queen, and the Bebes inform her that they have her to thank for this revelation. Kim tries to use the same ultra-high frequency sound wave that defeated them in "Attack of the Killer Bebes", but it doesn't work this time. They resume producing more Bebe-bots as they fight with Kim.

As Ron arrives on the scene, he too finds Bonnie is their queen. She tells Ron that she was kidnapped by "these freaky chicks who kept saying 'Bonnie Rules'", which was the only positive aspect of her ordeal. She demands that Ron break her out of her hive, but the hive not only uses her subconscious to hit him with an electric bolt that sends him flying across the room, but also to make the Bebes kidnap Smash Mouth, and take them to Middleton High. Ron takes Rufus out of his pocket so he can help Kim, realizing that he's still wearing the super-shoes that he stole from one of Wade's lab rats.

The Bebes put Kim through the conveyor belt to turn her into one of them. Rufus arrives and gets the Bebe holding Kim's legs to chase him. Kim destroys the other Bebes by crushing them different parts of the conveyor belt. She then saves Rufus from the last Bebe. But, they are still too many, telling her that "they're perfect" like they believe Bonnie to be (and therefore invincible). Kim shows them a broken piece of debris which shows their reflection -- upside-down faces. Realizing they're no longer perfect, they all self-destruct at once. Kim and Rufus successfully break Bonnie out of the hive, and rush her and Ron to the dance.

Party on at Middleton... and beyond
The members of Smash Mouth are puzzled as to how they arrived in Middleton, but Steven Harwell decides to perform anyhow, considering that they're on a stage. They choose Come On, Come On, as the song they want to start off with. Kim and Rufus try desperately to slow down in order to join the school dance, but end up running right through it twice. In fact, they run from Point Bonita, San Francisco in the shadow of the Golden Gate Bridge to Ellis Island at the base of the Statue of Liberty. Kim realizes the shoes can't stay on forever and eventually will come off. Both she and Rufus decide to dance anyway to music only they seem to be able to hear.

Hidden Talent

Kim, Ron and Rufus are in the Middleton High cafeteria, with Wade showing them new gadgets he created. One gadget is a pair of night-vision goggles that look like sunglasses, and another is an emerald class ring that has a laser and works as a back-up Kimmunicator.

Return to Camp Wannaweep

When Ron and the cheerleaders again find themselves stranded at Camp Wannaweep, they must go through the same things as they did last time. Kim is forced to share a cabin with Bonnie, and Ron is forced to share a cabin with his old nemesis - Gil Moss.

Go Team Go

On a trip to bustling Go City, a bird themed villain named Aviarius attacks the Bueno Nacho Ron and Kim are visiting, and Kim inadvertently gains super-strength when she attempts to foil the villain in stealing a mysterious masked hero's powers. The two teens quickly find themselves involved with the retired superhero group, Team Go, who, Kim quickly learns, are Shego's family. But with everyone but Kim powerless against Aviarius and the team's two youngest members captured, they must enlist the help of Shego.

Kim cashes in a favor so that she and Ron can travel to Go City. Ron is excited about visiting the brand new Mucho Grande Bueno Nacho restaurant, which they soon find. As Ron examines all the new features, the manager approaches Kim and explains that he has already heard about Ron from the corporate office. Suddenly, a costumed villain named Aviarius walks in his condor. He rants about revenge, which confuses Kim and Ron, then commands his condor to attack. Kim leaps into action, and so does the manager: he dives behind a counter, and seconds later, a costumed superhero with super strength emerges. In the following battle, Aviarius uses a staff that fires a beam at the superhero and appears to weaken him, but Kim accidentally leaps into the beam's path, much to Aviarius's shock. Aviarius immediately retreats, swearing vengeance yet again. In the aftermath, the superhero appears to have vanished, Ron learns that the naco is not served at the Mucho Grande Bueno Nacho, and Kim begins to feel sick.

At school, Kim complains about feeling weird since the Go City trip, but Ron is still obsessing over the naco not being on their menu. Kim begins to display super strength, and is quickly able to summon it at will. Ron finds this odd, but Kim seems fairly comfortable with it. While at Bueno Nacho, she is again approached by the Mucho Grande Bueno Nacho manager, who informs her that she has his super strength.

The manager takes Kim and Ron to the Go Tower, where he reveals that he is actually Hego, a member of the Go City-based superhero team, Team Go. Kim suddenly notices that the tower's color scheme includes a green chair, and realizes that Hego may be connected to Shego. Hego confirms that Shego is his sister, and Kim tells him that Shego is now working for Dr. Drakken. Hego explains that he, Shego, and their three brothers were struck by a rainbow-colored comet in their youth, which gave them superpowers. They became Team Go, but Shego eventually came to like the evil they fought so much that she left the team to become evil. Mego, another Team Go member, shows up, having lost his power to Aviarius as well. Aviarius contacts the tower and reveals he has captured the Wego twins and stolen their power. He demands that Team Go surrender Kim to him. Kim decides that in order to defeat Aviarius, they will need to recruit Shego.

Shego is predictably unhappy to see her brothers and Kim together, but reluctantly agrees to go with them. Kim relocates them all to her house, in order to prevent Aviarius from spying on them, as he easily did in the Go Tower.

The group invades the lair of Aviarius. Kim quickly rescues the Wego twins, but she and Shego, as the only ones with powers, are the only two able to put up a fight. Unfortunately, Aviarius eventually steals their powers, completing the entire set. Shego's brothers attempt to fight back, but Aviarius easily overwhelms them. Ron distracts Aviarius long enough for Kim to knock his staff away. Shego grabs the staff, but instead of returning the powers, keeps them all for herself. Kim and Rufus try to stop her, but are defeated. Dr. Drakken suddenly arrives in a giant battle robot to help Shego fight against Aviarius, having been contacted by Wade. However, he distracts Shego long enough for Kim to shatter the staff, which returns the powers to their rightful owners. Shego escapes with Dr. Drakken, and Aviarius is captured.

Hego explains to Ron that the naco did not test well in Go City, which is why it was left off of the menu. Mego and the Wego twins discuss reforming the team. Kim begins to think that Shego may have actually allowed her to take the staff. After hearing the whole story, Drakken comes to the same conclusion and points out that Shego couldn't betray her brothers and deliberately allowed them to have their powers back. Though Shego makes no denial of it, Drakken calls her a softie for it. This results an angry Shego to toss Drakken out of the robot and forces him to spend the rest of the flight clinging to the outside, much to his dismay.

The Full Monkey

Kim accidentally becomes bonded with The Amulet of the Monkey King and begins transforming into a monkey, but is kidnapped by Monkey Fist who intends to get the amulet back. Meanwhile, Ron finds a monkey he believes to be Kim and looks desperately for a way to change her back, while avoiding the complications Josh Mankey's attention may provide.

Blush

Just in time to complicate Kim's crush on Josh Mankey, Dr. Drakken sprays her with a pollen which will slowly cause her to disappear every time she gets embarrassed. While Ron and Wade are busy obtaining an antidote, Kim tries to have a perfect date with Josh. But avoiding any further embarrassment is a tough task, as Drakken has called in the Embarrassment Ninjas to finish Kim off. Even worse, Jim and Tim's usual attempts at humiliating Kim may do her in first.

Dr. Drakken grows increasingly frustrated by his recent, multiple, swift defeats at Kim Possible's hands, particularly because she easily destroys his inventions and lairs. Drakken decides to put his world domination plans on hold until he has dealt with Kim. He and Shego head to a store to stock up on teen magazines, hoping to learn and exploit Kim's vulnerabilities as a teenager.

At school, Ron complains to Kim about his latest grade on their way to Latin class. Kim excuses herself and takes a longer path so that she can "accidentally" run into Josh Mankey, a boy she has a crush on. Kim makes small talk, clearly hoping that Josh will ask her out. Josh does seem about to ask her, but the bell rings, so they both have to rush to their respective classes.

Drakken and Shego are still searching through teen magazines in their lair. To pass the time, Shego suggests that Drakken take a personality quiz, which he does with great reluctance. This leads Drakken to realize that teenagers constantly worry about being embarrassed, and he decides that this is how they will defeat Kim.

At Bueno Nacho, Kim is upset that Josh was unable to ask her out. Ron considers dating to be overrated. He is also not impressed with Josh, mainly because "Mankey" is only one letter away from "Monkey".

Drakken creates a serum from the pollen of the rare Amazonian Aurora orchid. Upon contact with the skin, it will concentrate the human blush mechanism. Any time the target becomes embarrassed, the serum will manifest the desire to disappear and make it real, eventually erasing them from existence. He and Shego position themselves outside Bueno Nacho, waiting for Kim to emerge. As Kim exits with Ron, Drakken sprays her with the serum, but Kim fails to notice him. She and Ron head to the mall, and Drakken decides to sit back and watch, sure that the mall is an ideal place for teen embarrassment.

Kim spots Josh at the mall talking to Bonnie and some other classmates. She hesitates, unsure if she should approach or flee, and accidentally trips down an escalator, crashing in their midst and accidentally ripping Josh's shirt. As Kim tries to apologize, the serum triggers, and a small hole opens up around her belly. Shocked, Kim quickly covers it and runs, hiding in a nearby dressing room. Kim finds that the hole tries to suck in her finger when she attempts to touch it. Ron follows her, and she shows him the hole.

Back in Kim's room, Ron and Rufus scan Kim with the Kimmunicator so Wade can give them some idea of what happened to her. Wade provides security footage of Drakken spraying Kim, and explains that if things continue, she may vanish entirely, for good. Wade quickly discovers the cause, and says that another dose of the orchid's pollen will negate the effect. Ron volunteers to go to the Amazon with Rufus, but insists that Kim stay at home so that she encounters no further embarrassment. Wade agrees, and Kim reluctantly gives in. She tries to cut herself off from all outside contact by closing her blinds, locking her door, and turning off her computer. Just as she remembers the phone, Josh calls to make sure she is okay. He ends up finally asking her out, and Kim quickly agrees asking him to giver her a few minutes to get changed.

Wade says he will meet Ron at the docks. Ron begins to think he will finally meet Wade in person, but is somewhat let down when he is introduced to the Wade-bot, a robot that Wade controls from his room. They begin their mission to save Kim.

Meanwhile, Kim has changed into a sleeveless blue dress, dark stockings and black sandals as Josh picks up at her house, and they leave for their date. Kim makes sure to grab an overcoat, just in case she vanishes further. Her brothers Jim and Tim decide to spy on the date. Kim and Josh go to a restaurant, unaware that Drakken and Shego are following them, too.

As Ron and the Wade-bot travel downriver in a boat, they run into some rapids that are not on Wade's map. The Wade-bot manages to force them through to calmer waters safely, only to run into a waterfall. The boat goes over, but the Wade-bot carries Ron to safety with a handy hang glider.

Kim and Josh's date continues, while her brothers, and Drakken and Shego, look on. Shego decides to speed the plan along by replacing a waiter and giving Kim a glass with slits near the top. When Kim takes a drink, it spills on her dress, which causes her to jump up as the hole enlarges. She covers the hole with a napkin, but Shego plants a whoopie cushion in Kim's chair, which shocks Kim into squirting ketchup in Josh's face and knocking over the table. Kim rushes to the restroom.

Back in the jungle, Ron and the Wade-bot are chased by a panther. The Wade-bot picks them up and rolls off of a cliff to escape, only for Wade to realize that he forgot to pack its parachute.

Kim emerges from the restroom with her overcoat over her dress. Shego sneaks up behind her, trying to plant toilet paper on Kim's shoe. Kim spots Shego and quickly fights her off, then returns to Josh, who suggests that they try a movie next.

Ron and Rufus land safely on a series of large leaves. Rufus then spots the orchid and digs it up. Ron begins to celebrate, only to find that the Wade-bot was damaged beyond repair in the fall. Ron beings to mourn Wade, only to have Wade call in on the Kimmunicator and remind him to get home.

Drakken and Shego follow Kim and Josh to the movies. Drakken introduces Shego to two embarrassment ninjas, experts in the art of humiliation. The ninjas try to drop a balloon filled with syrup onto Kim, but a stray drop alerts her to their presence, so she and Josh move up on row in order to avoid the mess. Kim excuses herself, quickly defeats the ninjas, and returns to her seat. In the back row, Jim and Tim are unimpressed by the ninjas' failed attempt. Outside the movies, the ninjas drive by in a car, splashing Kim with mud. To Kim's horror, her hands vanish.

Ron begins to worry that they will not reach Kim in time, as they are too far from civilization. Just then, a plane flies overhead, and Ron stumbles out of the jungle to find an airport nearby.

As Kim and Josh walk through the park, he tries to hold her hand. Not wanting him to see her invisible hands, Kim quickly pulls away, claiming she does not do that on the first date. Drakken and Shego follow them, as do the ninjas. Josh shows Kim a mural that he and some neighborhood kids painted over a formerly graffiti-covered wall.

Ron rushes back to Kim's room, only to find her gone. He quickly realizes what happened and rushes out to find her.

Jim and Tim set up a film projector and show a clip of Kim taking a bath as a baby. Kim's feet vanish, and so does her dress and overcoat, leaving her as a floating head.

Wade calls Ron and tells him that there is a floating head in Middleton Park. Ron quickly heads there.

Kim finds her brothers and sends them home, only to be confronted by the ninjas again. They begin to fight, and one of the ninjas applies a fake pimple to Kim's forehead, which causes her mouth to vanish. Kim defeats the ninjas, and grabs the cape from one in order to cover herself. She returns to Josh, who tries to kiss her. Ron arrives in time to blow the orchid's pollen onto Kim, which causes her to sneeze and totally re-appear. Josh walks Kim home and kiss her goodnight.

Partners

While Dr. Drakken planned to create a monster, with DNAMY's help, the students were paired by Mr. Barkin for their science projects. Bonnie was paired with Brick Flagg, which suited them both. Monique was pared with Ron Stoppable, who was not doing anything at all for it, which infuriated her. Kim was paired with Justine Flanner, a science wiz, who would not let her help at all.

Oh Boyz

To help his son's ongoing quest to become a pop sensation, Señor Senior, Senior kidnaps the Oh Boyz band to blackmail the record company. The plan backfires when Ron winds up captured along with the group. The record executive, finding the Oh Boyz's disappearance to be a profit windfall, is in no hurry to help. So Kim must find Ron and the others on her own.

Sick Day

There was much sneezing in the Possible home. Jim and Tim were suffering from a cold, which Kim was desperate not to catch. However, in spite her best efforts, it was not long at all before she was confined to bed, also sick.

Even though under the weather, Kim decided to take on a mission to guard a top secret device known as "Ray X". Believing it to simply be a matter of babysitting the thing until it was moved to a more secure location, Kim headed, certain she could handle it.

However Drakken and Shego soon arrived on the scene and, while Kim was dealing with a protracted sneezing fit, the pair walked in and grab the device. Fortunately, Kim caught them on the way out, triggering the lab's security shutters, preventing them from getting away. During the course of Kim and Shego's the fight, one of Shego's blasts goes astray, activating the sprinklers and according to automated emergency protocols, opened all the sealed security shutters to open. Which allowed Shego and Drakken to escape with Ray X, but only after Shego has taken one of Kim's sneezes right in the face.

Soon, Shego was herself out of commission the cold, prompting Drakken to seek out and partner up with Duff Killigan. Mainly because he works cheap.

Meanwhile, Kim found herself grounded after her mother found out she had gone on a mission while sick. So she was forced to stay in bed. Ron assured her he had a plan to retrieve the Ray projector, using Kim's Favor Network for rides.

Ron actually put together a fairly competent plan and to carried it out with only at least one pants-related incident. Hang-gliding scuba dive, he made to Drakken's island lair, using suction cups and bungee line to gain access and wheel Ray-X out from under Drakken and Killigan's noses while they haggled over their partnership contract. Ron ran into Shego who was too miserable from her cold to care about stopping him, and he gets away without a fight.

Once back at the Possible residence, Ron finally came down with the cold and was also forced to his sick bed.

Meanwhile Drakken got the cold as Killigan to took over the "lead villain's duties. He then Duff hired a "temporary lackey" in the form of the perky Hank Perkins. A temp agency lackey with a law degree, which Killigan accepted as "close enough" to actual villain experience. They then manage to re-steal Ray-X out from under Kim and Ron's cold-ridden noses.

With both Ron and Kim out of the running, Jim and Tim, along with Rufus, take it upon themselves to try their hand at the mission to get the device back using a modified version of Ron's plan. However, although Killigan was also under the weather, highly efficient and motivated for the "growth industry" of the evil market Hank had set a trap, catching the twins.

Upon discovering both the missing Ray-X and twin brothers, Kim, almost over her cold,was forced to leave her sick bed once more. She arrived just in time to prevent Hank from using the boys for target practice, and mixed it up with Shego, who also was almost over her cold as well. They fight as normal, except for periodically to pausing sneeze.

Between them, Kim and the Tweebs manage to roll Shego up in a rug. They then catch Hank by dropping a chandelier about him, but not before accidentally dropping another on top the Ray-X, destroying it in the process.

Back at the lab, Kim asked the scientists who invented Ray-X what it did, only to find out it was meant to cure the common cold. Prompting Ron to declare how he hated irony.

The Truth Hurts

The episode begins with two big deals for Kim. 1) Her father's bosses are coming over for dinner 2) She is going to be interviewed for the front cover of "Spirit Squad Weekly". The former of which is causing much anxiety for Dr. Possible, and the latter of which is causing serious freaking for Kim.

Ron offers Kim unusually pertinent advice for the interviewed, that everything will be OK if she's completely sincere, but that he has no intention of doing likewise. Before Kim can respond to this, their conversation is interrupted by Wade, who informs her that Dr. Drakken has kidnapped leading scientist Wanda Wong, and that he is holding her prisoner in an ice fortress.

Meanwhile, in his lair, Drakken is introducing Dr. Wong to an unusual form of torture - buttock freezing - which he believes will force her to reveal all of her scientific secrets.

After receiving lip from Shego and Dr. Wong, neither of whom consider his torture techniques to be particularly effective, Drakken pulls out a large ray gun and announces that he's going to use it on Dr. Wong. However, before he can do so, proceedings are interrupted by Kim, who proceeds to free Dr. Wong, and to mix it up with Shego.

As the obligatory kung Fu battle between Kim an Shego rages on, Drakken slips on the ice and accidentally fires his ray gun into the ceiling, where a large outcrop of ice crystals causes the beam to split in two. One part hitting Ron and the Other part hitting Kim, but neither part apparently having any effect. Soon afterwards, Kim dunks Drakken and Shego in the water, and escapes with Ron and Dr. Wong.

Later that day, Kim is with the team from "Spirit Squad Weekly" and everything is going fine, until the lady conducting the interview begin asking Kim about her personal life.

When asked about her social scene, Kim blurts out that she's crushing on Bobby Johnson, but that she is not sure if she's doing it because she likes him, or because he asked Bonnie out first. Kim then finds that she's unable to stop answering questions, and quickly confesses to collecting Cuddle Buddies, sleeping with a stuffed animal, and picking her nose when nobody is looking. Effectively sabotaging her chances of making the magazine's cover, much to the delight of Bonnie and the other cheerleaders who all jump at the chance of an opening.

Distressed at this turn of events, Kim rushes off to the cheer squad dressing room, where she finds that she is unable to tell even the smallest lie. More than this though, she is also unable to resist blurting out anything that she would normally hold back from saying.

After almost alienating herself from Wade by telling Wade that he spends too much time in his room, Kim is informed that the ray that Drakken zapped her with must have been a Truth Ray, and that it has shut down the part of her brain that inhibit her behavior.

While the effects of the truth ray turn out to be Kim's worst nightmare come true, they appear to be working well for Ron. A potentially dangerous gaff (criticizing Mr. Barkin's choice of books) turns out to be a fortuitous event when the rest of the class back him up, and from there onwards Ron develops a "Truth Mojo" that suddenly makes him popular.

Fearing that she might say something embarrassing at her father's dinner, Kim rushes home to try and explain things, but is too late and arrives home just in time to be introduced to the Space center's board of directors.

With the effects of the truth ray in place, Kim can't help but blurt out embarrassing secrets about herself and inappropriate comments about her father's bosses (one tells Dr. Cook he's a know-it-all, Dr. Kramer won't stop talking about the old country, and everyone can tell Dr. Harris is wearing a wig), until their insulted guests storm out in disgust, putting Dr. Possible's future at the space center is in serious jeopardy.

Just as all seems lost the board of directors arrives, Dr. Wong, the scientist that Kim saved at the beginning of the episodes. Dr. Wong thanks Kim for saving her from Drakken, and confirms her story about the truth ray, thus saving Dr. Possible's career.

The next day, the effects truth ray have worn off, leaving everything back to normal. This is good for Kim as she no longer has to say what she really thinks, but bad for Ron because he still can't get the hang of being sincere, although that might just be part of his low self-esteem has returned, causing his inability to talk to girls that he does really like.

Mother's Day

Kim attempted to spend Mother's Day with her mother despite their equally busy schedules. While Kim and her mom try to juggle their busy lives, Ron was assigned the overwhelming task of cleaning out the family garage as his Mother's Day gift for Mrs. Stoppable. Meanwhile, Drakken got an unexpected visit from his mother Mama Lipsky, who is under the impression that he is a radio talk show doctor, and that he has not in fact forgotten Mother's Day.

It is Mother's Day, and Kim, Ron, and Wade all make a point to spend time with their moms. Kim and the family surprise Ann with breakfast in bed, a card, and a vase of flowers, replacing the Tweebs original present, mutated bees. However, Mother's Day maybe cut shot because of Ann and Kim's busy schedules. Because it has been a while since Ann and Kim spent some quality mother-daughter time together, Mr. Possible wants them to spend the day together "no matter what". While Kim is spending the day with her mom, Ron is forced by his own mom to clean out the garage and Wade is pampering his mother for the day. Also, Drakken's mother comes to visit him for Mother's Day. Because she has no idea that her son is a supervillain and thinks he is a radio talk show doctor, Drakken has to try and keep his life as an international supervillain a secret from her.

After helping out with a brain-surgery procedure, Kim and Mrs. Possible return home, deciding what to do next in their mother-daughter bonding day. But then Kim gets a call from Wade, who reports that Drakken is trying to steal a batch of Syntho-Plasma. Since Ron is unavailable to help Kim like he normally would, and since Ann and Kim promised each other to spend the day together "no matter what", Ann offers to act as her daughter's sidekick on the mission. Kim, naturally, is reluctant to that idea, not wanting to put her mom in any kind of danger, but after Ann gives her daughter the "puppy dog pout" Kim ultimately agrees to let her act as her sidekick this one time.

Despite a few bumps in the road, one of which was where the syntho-plasma accidentally gets exposed to air and becomes a nonstop-eating monster, Kim and her mom manage to stop Drakken and Shego's scheme and Ann even saves her daughter from getting eaten by the blob monster. After Ann saves Kim, they admit that while it was not the way they originally thought they would spend the day together, they managed to spend it together, no matter what. Later on, Kim and Ron return the syntho-plasma blob monster to the scientists after they have it clean out the Stoppable family's garage.

Ron Millionaire

When Ron gains Naco royalties from Bueno Nacho and becomes a multi-millionaire, he loses track of his persona and becomes a self-absorbed individual. However, when Dr. Drakken attempts to steal a huge diamond in order to power his laser, he takes notice of the now rich Ron and attempts to seize his finances. So it's up to Kim to save the day and her friend Ron, despite the fact that he is no longer the Ron she used to know.

Rewriting History

Kim discovers a century old scandal involving the theft of a wondrous energy storage device, her ancestor, and amusingly the ancestors of many of her friends and foes including Ron, Drakken, Shego,and Wade. Kim works quickly to both clear the name of her ancestor and find the device before Middleton is destroyed in the blast it will create.

Steal Wheels

In an attempt to reform Eddie Lipsky, a.k.a. Motor Ed, Drakken's mother places him under the care of his cousin - Dr. Drakken. Together the two plot to steal the technology powering Felix Renton's wheelchair. Meanwhile, Kim finds herself dealing with jealousy due to all the time Ron is spending with Felix in preparation for a Zombie Mayhem video-game convention.

Emotion Sickness

In an attempt to foil yet another scheme of Drakken's to steal from Cyrus Bortel, experimental mood altering devices accidentally get attached to Kim and Shego. Ron accidentally picks up the control for the devices instead of the Kimmunicator - resulting in chaos for both Ron and Drakken as the device sends the girls hurtling through a range of emotions... including love.

While preparing for the Middleton Days event that will be happening on the coming weekend, Ron - dressed up as pickle mascot 'Kosher Dilli', is conversing with Kim. While they're talking he sees Kim's crush, Josh Mankey walking arm-in-arm with Tara. Ron tries to distract Kim from the couple, believing that she still has a crush on Mankey. It seemed to work until Bonnie comes over and taunts Kim about the fact that Mankey's new girlfriend is not Kim. But, to her and Ron's surprise, Kim dismisses Mankey's relationship with no emotion, saying she and Mankey grew apart. Once Bonnie departs, Kim remarks that she's surprised Ron isn't the downcast one. Confused, Ron soon discovers that Tara had a widely known long-term crush on him which he was completely oblivious to. Ron is frustrated that no one bothered to mention this to him. Wade calls in, asking whether Ron is okay with the relationship - verifying how widely known Tara's feelings were. Wade informs Kim and Ron that Drakken is on the move. Ron tries to tug off his pickle outfit, but Kim drags him away in a hurry before he can take it off.

Dr Cyrus Bortel is currently testing his newest invention: Moodulators. The Moodulators are small devices that stick to a person and can be used to control their emotional state via a Moodulator controller. Dr Bortel goes through a series of emotional states before removing the Moodulator. He comments excitedly on his successful invention and his expectations for which government might be the highest bidder to acquire the new technology before he departs from his lab to watch a Fearless Ferret marathon. As soon as he is gone, Shego and Drakken break in with the intention of stealing an Electron Magneto Accelerator. Shego remarks on Drakken's tendency to steal other people's inventions instead of making his own, despite being a 'genius'.

Kim and Shego are fighting, when they hit the bookshelf, the experimental, Moodulators are attached to Kim and a few seconds later, it attaches to Shego as well. Dr Cyrus Bortel is shocked about what happened, and then finds the Moodulator controller missing, this was when Ron picked up the wrong controller, by picking up the Moodulator controller, Chaos later approaches, when Kim and Ron get home.

[to be continued]

Bonding

Kim and Ron are having problems with Bonnie Rockwaller and Mr. Barkin respectively. On a mission to stop Professor Dementor from stealing something from a top secret research facility, they're unable to stop Dementor from stealing the facility's invention, but Ron, unknowingly, ended up with Dementor's invention called a "Bondo Ball," which can bind people together at points on their bodies.

Once back in Middleton, Ron ends up being bonded to Mr. Barkin at the shoulder while Kim gets bonded to Bonnie at the hip. Until they or Wade can find a solvent that will get them unstuck, Kim and Ron have to deal with being stuck to Bonnie and Barin, respectively. Ron finds out that Mr. Barkin acts as a den mother to a troop of Pixie Scouts in Middleton—or "Brigadier Pixie" as he calls it. Kim discovered that Bonnie's home life was not easy for her when she met Bonnie's got two older sisters named Connie and Lonnie who are just as mean to Bonnie as she typically is to others. After Connie and Lonnie leave after insulting Bonnie, Kim's shown to be feeling uncomfortable and actually kind of sorry for Bonnie.

On a tip from Wade, Kim and Bonnie head for Dementor's Bavarian Alps hideout but are captured by him and his giant mutant Dachshunds. Wade alerts Ron and Mr. Barkin while they were at the Middleton Community Center to tell them what happened to the girls. The Pixie Scouts accompany him and Mr. Barkin on a rescue mission. While the two cheerleaders were hooked up to a machine of Dementor's, Kim apologizes to Bonnie for dragging her into the situation, but Bonnie assures Kim that it was actually kind of fun--Kim also admits that she has a better understanding of why Bonnie acts the way she does.

Ron, Mr. Barkin, and the Pixie Scouts manage to save them—with Kim revealing that she was once a Pixie Scout herself—while Kim and Bonnie use their cheer-leading skills to kept Dementor from escaping.

Back at the Middleton Community Center, everyone's celebrating defeating Professor Dementor and getting separated from each other with a solvent. Ron's made an honorary Pixie Scout and, badly, raps about it, weirding out Bonnie and especially Kim.

Bad Boy

When Ron wants to avoid his devilishly warped Cousin Shaun at a wedding, Kim subtly suggests that Ron take her as a friendly date. Both of them find the idea 'awkweird' and back down.
Drakken meanwhile attempts to use a Hench Co. device to make himself even more evil. The plan fails when Kim and Ron break the machine, gradually turning Ron into an eccentric super villain and Drakken into a goody-baking sweetie.

Kim and Ron are on a mission to stop Dr. Drakken's latest plot of using an Atmosphere Disruptor to eliminate all of Earth's breathable air. Ron is distracted however because he has to attend his Cousin Reuben's wedding. Kim asks what the problem is, and Ron tells her that his entire family will be there, including his evil Cousin Shaun. Kim asks if Shawn is bad news, and Ron says Shaun trashed his scooter, poured gravy down his pants, and tried to feed Rufus to his pet iguana.

Drakken is nearly ready to launch his Atmosphere Disruptor when Team Possible arrives. Shego and Drakken then realize that they have fallen into a routine of where Kim attacks and Shego fights, but Shego still goes through with it. While Kim fights, Ron tries to talk about something else that Shaun did and notices that she isn't listening and asks her if she is. Kim tries to ask Ron why he hasn't just told his parents. As they grapple away, Ron says that he's tried but they just remark how "Shauny is littler than him". A confused Kim asks how littler, and Ron says that he's seven. Kim rolls her eyes but Ron tries to say that it's an evil seven as they escape.

Later on, the two of them are watching TV, and Kim questions Ron about the fact that he's afraid of a seven year old. Ron tries to say that if she walked a mile in his gravy stained pants, she'd understand. Kim asks how hard it could be to ditch him, and Ron admits that he's still forced to sit at the kids table, much to Kim's surprise. She then suggests that he bring a date, and Ron agrees with her but says that he's been down this road before. He then inadvertently tries to ask Kim if she'd be his date, but the two of them nervously admit that because they're just friends and it would be "awkwierd".

The show Agony County then starts which Ron can't believe Kim watches, with Kim saying she watches it just to stay current. Ron can't believe that the show is teasing that the characters of Charity and Danny are going to eventually get together, with Kim adding on that it would end the series. Ron also points out that Danny is a jerk, saying that he apparently dumped the character Faith on her birthday. Kim becomes surprised that Ron watches Agony County and points out that Danny is a misunderstood jerk. Ron asks if there's a difference, and Kim says its a "hottie diff". Ron asks Kim if she likes the Bad Boys, she's about to say that she sometimes likes them, but changes her answer to "not at all" when her dad walks through the room. Kim then says that some girls do like Bad Boys, and Ron becomes intrigued.

The next day at school, Ron tries out a new Bad Boy image but messes up as he leans on the door to the Girl's Room. Kim asks him how it's working for him, and he says that he has to go badder. Kim sarcastically says that he wouldn't like anyone liking him for the real him, but Ron brsuhes this off saying how they know that nice guys finish last and asks her to now call him "Bad Boy".

Meanwhile, Drakken mourns over the loss of his Atmosphere Distruptor. Shego tries ask him why he thought this plan would turn out differently, and she perfectly says Drakken's answer with him: "It was my best doomsday device ever". Shego says that she's heard it all before and asks Drakken to think that maybe his best just isn't enough. Darkken feels hurt by this and says that there must be some world domination plan he tried that worked, but Shego points out that if any of them had worked, he'd be running the world and the only thing she sees him running is his mouth. This Drakken to break out in tears and admit that she's right and that his evil muse has deserted him, though it turns out to be a plan to get some pity from her. Shego tells him to cork it, then tosses over a magazine she's holding saying it might help. Drakken notices that it's for the annual Supervillain Trade Show and Convention. Drakken becomes happy at this because it will give him a chance to be inspired by evil again.

Later on, Ron is watching Agony County again to research Danny's Bad Boy attitude and notes that even his grammer is bad. Just before Charity and Danny kiss, the TV goes out and is revealed to have been unplugged by Shaun. Ron becomes scared and Shaun tells him that he's rooming with him for the wedding, causing Ron and Rufus to start crying.

Kim overhears them screaming and goes to her window where Ron appears and asks if he can stay there for the night. Kim agrees and says to take the couch in the den, but says that he's going to have to deal with his cousin sooner or later. Ron then says that sooner or later one of them is going to have to grow up. Wade then calls and says that he's been tracking a large group of super-villains all converging on one place, to which Kim says it's at the Tri-City Convention center for the annual Super-villain Shindig. Wade asks how she knows that, and Kim admits to being on the mailing list while looking at Ron. Ron apologizes and admits he though he was signing her up to win a tank. Kim says that she should sneak in to see how much no good they're up to, and Wade says he's got them covered.

Later on outside the convention center, Ron in a costume questions Wade's definition of incognito, but Wade points out that it's the costume of "Zorpox the Conqueror", from Issue 97 of the Villain's League of Evil Villains. Kim is dressed in a brown spotted cat suit to which Wade says is "Sheila, of the Leopard People". Kim admits that she doesn't feel 100% on it, and Wade says that he worked with what he had on hand. Ron admits to Kim that he feels that his Bad Boy act just isn't working for him, and Kim chastises him for chickening out now that he's going undercover as a super-villain and forces him to walk with her into the convention.

In the convention, Drakken sees a device supervised by Jack Hench which can test someone's badness level, much to a Shego's skepticism. Hench gets Drakken to admit that he sends Shego in to steal stuff for him, and Drakken points out that this is a free no-obligation-to-buy demonstration and Hench lets him try out the device. Much to Drakken's confusion, the level is just "Playground Bully", while Shego happily uses it and maxes out the reading. Shego points out to a sad Drakken that while he's unpleasant and annoying he's not very evil. Hench then demonstrates a video for his latest device called the Attitudinator, which is designed to remove a person's good and bad energies and only put back the evil, in other words making someone a better super-villain. Shego then reminds Drakken to pay retail this time, and he frantically looks for his checkbook.

Ron becomes impressed with the large amount of villainy and Kin reminds him to be careful and lay low. Ron picks up a Molecular Eraser, and not believing it's real fires it and erases one villain's ice cream, causing Kim to chastise him for not laying low. Just then, they see Drakken wearing the Attitudinator and he makes a remark about feeling super evil. Kim tries to get to him, but Shego pins down the tail on Kim's costume with her boot and sees right through their disguises despite Ron's attempts to convince her otherwise. Shego asks Kim why she's wearing such a stupid costume, and Kim asks Shego if she's looked in the mirror lately. This causes Shego to get angry and she challenges Kim to a fight.

While Ron tries to get to Drakken, Hench turns him away saying that the next demo will begin in a few minutes. Improvising, Ron tries to force Hench to let him pass by mentioning how he is "Zorpox the Conqueror", but Hench is unfamiliar with his work and offers Ron the chance to fill out a card to try and win a tank. Shego powers up a massive energy ball and fires it at Kim who avoids it by swinging on a laser cannon. The ball instead heads towards the booth where Ron is, and in his attempt to avoid the explosion gets blasted straight into Drakken. As the smoke clears, Drakken stands up and the Attitudinator breaks in half and falls to the ground. As Drakken says that pure evil now courses though him, and that maybe she'll think twice before wrecking his atmosphere disruptor. All the while, no one notices that the blue energy of the Attitudinator goes into Drakken while the Red Energy goes into the unconscious Ron. Drakken calls Shego and the two of them fly out on a hovercraft. Kim goes to Ron and asks if he's alright, and Ron wakes up wondering what just happened. The two of them look at the damaged Attitudinator and Ron wonders how much more evil Drakken could get.

Later on, Shego notices that Drakken is singing an Oh Boyz song while he's welding a new invention and points it out to him, but he brushes it off. He shows her his new invention the Sonic Annihilator, which Shego notices is purple but Drakken claims is plum making it user friendly. Shego asks what it does, and Drakken puts a class of milk on it to demonstrate. It can generate cascading sonic pulsations, and he puts chocolate syrup in it saying with the proper mixture he can really shake things up. Shego becomes puzzled by this and Drakken says that he can use it to make the perfect glass of chocolate milk. Shego thinks he's joking, but Drakken says he never jokes about "cocoa moo", which makes Shego even more confused. Drakken sees limitless potential for the invention including pudding, cookie dough, and foot massages. Shego then asks about any possible evil uses and suggests earthquakes. She turns it up to it's highest setting causing Drakken's "cocoa moo" to fly off, with him leaping to save it. He remarks that he didn't realize it could be so violent and that someone could get hurt, causing Shego to remind him that's kinda the point. Drakken tells Shego to bit her tounge, and to have some "cocoa moo" and that it's soothing. Shego, annoyed at this, tells him to stop saying "cocoa moo", but he drinks the entire glass saying "That's good cocoa moo", annoying her her even further. He then licks his chocolate covered lips with a happy smile.

Later in the cafeteria, Wade analyzes the Attitudinator and tells Kim it should be easy getting Drakken back to normal as long as it's kept his good side. Kim is suprised that Drakken has one of those, but Wade reminds her that he doesn't anymore as this device was designed to remove his good and bad energies and only put back the evil. Kim wonders who comes up with this stuff, and Wade says he'll start cruching the data and get back to her.

Rufus then finds Kim, who asks him where he and Ron have been as Ron apparently ditched Chemistry earlier. Rufus looking nervous and worried points to the bottom of a nearby lunch table where Ron is, causing Kim to wonder what he's doing there. Ron is under the table scribbling out several plans and equations for making Shaun bow to him. As Kim comes over, he hoists a strange contraption onto the table which Kim notes is stranger than usual. Ron then notices her and says that it's just a little experiment, causing Kim to admit that now he's scaring her. Ron then takes Rufus and says that she has no idea how scary he can be. He then takes out a flashlight and shines it across his face while giving a surprisingly long and evil laugh, causing Kim to admit that she's freaked out as Rufus runs onto her shoulder for safety. Ron then pulls a knob on the device saying things are about to get "spud-tacluar", with the device then starting a bombardment of everyone in the cafeteria with mashed potatoes while Ron watches with glee behind a trash can. Kim then asks Ron what his damage is, and Rufus agrees with her. Ron the takes this as a sign that Kim's turned against him and thinks taht it's because she can't handle the Bad Boy. But at that movement, Mr. Barkin who was hit by the mashed potatoes as well grabs Ron with one hand and says that while Kim can't, he can.

Barkin tells Ron in the hallway that no food fight goes unpunished on his watch, and gives Ron a month of detention, only to increase it to two months after Ron laughs evilly at the idea. Wade notices that Ron's act is getting extreme, and Kim mentions how he's not even trying to get a date out of it anymore. Kim then asks Wade to keep an eye on Ron and asks him if he has him micro-chipped. Wade tries to deny it saying that they discussed the moral and ethical ramifications of that, but Kim pushes further and Wade admits that he does and agrees to its. Kim says "Please and thank you" before closing her locker.

Meanwhile, Drakken is apparently roasting something in a fire and laughing. He asks whatever's in there if they've had enough, and then remarks that he think's they're quite finished. He pulls out a tray from the oven and asks his henchmen if they want peanut butter stickies that he was just baking. His henchmen are confused, but don't turn down the chance to have sweets. Shego remarks that this is sick and wrong on so many levels. Drakken then asks Shego to join them in their share circle and offers her a stickie that she knocks up with her foot and blasts to ash. Drakken then lowers her arm and calls her a "grumpy monkey" which prompts her to say that his train has seriously jumped the track. She then notices that Drakken's skin is no longer blue and points it out to him, he then looks in a mirror and states that it must be his sunny disposition. Shego in frustration tries to remind him of their plans by asking if there's anything he wants to take over, and that it starts with a 'W'. Drakken takes this as a guessing game and tries to guess random words such as "Watermelon", "Woolly Mammoth", "Woodchuck", "Whirlygate", and "Wombat" while a frustrated Shego answers an incoming video call. On the screen is Hench who tries to apologize for the unfortunate mishap, but Shego was unaware of any mishap and asks about it. Hench explains that their analysis of the ruckus at the Convention shows that Drakken's evil was clearly transferred into Ron, which is all but confirmed as Drakken knits a pink sweater with a duck on it as the information is presented. Shego then realizes that this is why Drakken has been acting so messed up. Hench then receives their check and notices that it bounced, but Shego cuts him off before he can say anymore. Shego then calls Drakken over, with him mistakingly thinking that she changed her mind about the "cocoa moo" angering Shego again. She says that she needs to get him back to his bad self and drags him towards their ship so they can find Ron.

Later at the Wedding, Kim thanks Wade for keeping an eye on Ron, with Wade saying that he knew something was seriously whacked when Ron tricked out his old tricycle into an ATV. Kim agrees saying Ron usually isn't good with tools, but then is forced to hang up as she hears Ron getting close to the building. Ron bursts through the window on his ATV wearing his Zorpox costume where he asks who's the best man now before evilly chuckling. Kim goes up to Ron to tell him what she knows, but then notices that Ron's skin has turned the same blue shade that Drakken's was. Ron then addresses Kim by her first and last name, causing her to ask why and him to say that it's because he realized his full evil potential. Before Kim can say more, Shaun throws cake at Ron calling him "Cousin Crybaby", with the intent of making Ron burst out into tears as usual. However this time, Ron is prepared and says Shaun doesn't have game and tells him it's payback time as he presses a button on a remote causing his ATV to tranform. Ron says that he refined his potato tosser into a plasma catapult, much to Kim's suprise, with Ron then destroying the entire hall intending to cut Shaun down to size. Just then, Drakken and Shego burst through the roof with Shego ordering Ron to come with them. Ron then says that no one commands him and attempts to blast them with his catapult. Drakken then remarks that Ron's a bad man, with Shego then saying "Yeah, seriously" in an impressed manner. Kim tries to get Ron to stop by saying that evil isn't his thing and that it's Drakken's thing, but Ron refuses saying that he's so much better at it and asks if Drakken ever built a plasma blaster this dangerous. Drakken sadly admits he did not, and Shego agrees, surprised at how much of a natural Ron is at being evil. She then picks up Drakken and throws him into a vat of potato salad calling him "Dr. Do-Nothing" before picking up Ron and taking him as her new partner, much to Kim's dismay.

Later, Ron is laughing evilly at his new hideout that Shego brought him to which Shego quickly gets tired of and tells Ron to give it a rest, prompting Ron to ask her if she's really daring to criticize him. She tells him that she's looking for results and that all he's been doing so far is chuckling up a storm with nothing to show for it. Ron says he's just warming up and shows her a map of the world. He says that the Annihilator has been set to go off in five minutes, and when it does earthquakes are going to shake the world to pieces. He begins to laugh again, but Shego clams his lips shut saying how much she's done with the laugh. She then asks what plan they will accomplish as they'll be shaken apart too. Ron claims that it'll never get that far as the world will surrender to him first. He then points out that he said "me", not "us" saying that Shego is just the hired help. Shego gets angry at this and tries to blast him as she would with Drakken, but it gets deflected off by an energy shield much to Shego's shock. Ron says that he found it in Drakken's stuff and that he probably had no idea how to use it. He then presses a button on his belt that opens up a shark tank behind where Shego is standing and asks her if she knows that sidekicks need to know their place. Out of fear, Shego agrees and says that she's going to go check the security monitors. She then compliments him on how much she loves his evil laugh before backing off slowly. Ron then remarks how he's ready for Kim before laughing maniacally again.

Meanwhile, Kim is close to the lair and has brought along Drakken and Rufus where she asks if Wade has any ideas how to fix this. Wade says that Drakken's evil got transferred into Ron, and Kim believes that if they repair the Attitudinator and get Drakken and Ron to use it, it should reverse the process, but Wade can only hope so. Kim tells Drakken that they need him to be bad again, but Drakken says he doesn't want to be bad. Kim says that it's better if Drakken is evil rather than Ron, and Drakken soon understands it.

Meanwhile, Shego is watching the security monitors when Ron suddenly appears and surprises her saying that Kim is here and to get ready for a smack-down. Shego says that she's not on the monitors and asks Ron how he knows. Ron says he did a bit of scanning for the Kimmunicator's frequency, and this causes Shego to angrily question why Drakken never thought to do that. Ron then tells her that's why he's the big dog, before barking a few times which knocks Shego out of her seat.

Kim gets on the room and tells Drakken that Wade is going to guide him and Rufus into repairing the Attitudinator, and reluctantly hands the Kimmunicator to him saying that she never thought she would say that she's counting on him. Drakken promises not to let her down.

Kim slides down an air duct where Ron greets her using her full name "Kimberly Ann Possible", to which she says the middle name is so overkill. Ron says that overkill is kinda the idea and then laughs maniacally before pushing a button that activates mechanical arms to restrain Kim.

Drakken and Rufus are successful in repairing the Attitudinator and Wade says all Drakken has to do is put it on Ron, use it and he'll be evil again. Rufus then feels down and Drakken tries to reassure him that they'll have more fun times after he's evil, but Rufus points out that they won't. Drakken becomes upset at this and Rufus offers his condolences, while Drakken admits that doing the right thing is so hard.

The countdown timer is at one minute, and Kim is able to use her laser to free herself of her restraints. Before she can go anywhere though, she is confronted by Shego and the two of them have a brief fight in which Kim pushes Shego back and manages to stop the countdown with two seconds left. Ron calls it "not bad", but admits that he knows she could've gotten out sooner. Kim tells Ron that it's game over, but Ron unveils a control panel under a tarp and pushes a button saying that he's just getting warmed up. The Annihilator was to keep Kim busy while he worked on his real evil plan: his Mega Weather Generator, which even Shego was unaware of. Ron activates the device and says that the entire world will tremble beneath his storms and then hand over to him the world's supply of nacos before laughing evilly. Even Shego is confused by this naco plan, and Kim notes that this was very obvious before telling Drakken to go ahead with the plan. Drakken appears from behind Ron calling him a bad boy and puts the Attitudinator on him which shakes for a few seconds before breaking again and putting Drakken's evil back in him. This changes both Ron and Drakken's skin colors and personalities back to what they were before and Ron becomes happy to see Rufus as Kim says he was having a bad day and turns off the Generator. Drakken then questions Shego over the fact that she left him for Ron, and Shego points out Ron's Mega Weather Generator. Drakken then laughs evilly and says that he now controls the Mega Weather Generator, prompting Kim to say that they all know what comes next. Kim destroys Drakken's lair and grapples away with Ron and Rufus while Drakken says his famous phrase to her: "You think you're all that, but you're- " before getting cut off by the explosion.

Later at a redo of the wedding, Ron is happy to no longer be at the kids table. He thanks Kim for being his date, but Kim glances angrily at him and quickly changes the last word to "friend". Kim then says that this situation is admittedly not as "awkwierd" as feared. Shaun then offers Ron some cake, much to Kim's surprise, and Ron says that it was a piece of cake. Kim then smiles at Ron and asks him what he did, and Ron says he just gave Shaun a little attitude adjustment with the once again repaired Attitudinator which he pats on the seat next to him as the episode ends.

Showdown at the Crooked D

Kim goes to visit her uncle in Montana and finds herself dealing with her number-one fan, Joss. Together they work to stop Drakken's latest scheme to put the brightest minds out of commission.

Ron is relaxing at Kim's house. Kim asks Ron if he plans to chill all summer, to which he replies that he is “marinating, relaxation for the professional!” Kim proceeds to tell Ron that she'll be in Montana, visiting her uncle and asks Ron if he'd like to come with her seeing as her mom has to work.

Meanwhile at Dr. Drakken's lair, Shego is checking the mail, burning any bills she finds when she comes across a letter addressed to Drakken who quickly snatches it from her before she can read it. Drakken begins to read the letter before tossing it into the fireplace in frustration, but Shego grabs it before it gets destroyed in the fire to read it for herself. The letter turns out to be from the Cerebellum Ultra Smart Super-genius Thinking Society, a club which Drakken was rejected from (and seems to have been rejected from at least one other time). Shego teases Drakken, asking him why he wants to join a “super dorky club”. Drakken decides that if he is to make himself seem like a genius, he needs to get rid of the competition.

Kim, Ron and her family arrive at The Lazy C, the ranch belonging to Kim's Uncle Slim, who we meet shortly afterward when he calls his younger brother James Possible, “squirt”. Jim and Tim laugh at this nickname and Dr. Possible introduces Slim to Ron, telling him that Mrs. Possible couldn't come due to her shift at the hospital. Kim wonders where her cousin Joss is, who told Kim she had a surprise waiting for her when she arrived. Slim tells Kim that Joss is going through a phase, and that she has a hero who she idolizes. Joss then appears, swinging through the air on her makeshift grappling hook, landing in Kim's arms. It is revealed that Kim is Joss's hero, to Kim's surprise.

Later on, Ron is seen moseying at the ranch, where he sees one of Slim's robotic horses Old Tornado. He runs away from the horse and hides behind Tim who asks him if he's afraid of horses. Jim tells Ron that the horse is not real, but just a robot. Kim then tells the twins that robotic horses are the kind he fears the most. Ron has a flashback to when he was outside Smarty Mart ten years ago, where he lost two baby teeth. Kim tells Ron that he should get past his fear of horses, when Joss jumps in and agrees and tells Ron to be more like Kim. Ron then approaches Old Tornado who suddenly rears up, scaring him but stops after being switched off by Slim. Slim and Dr. Possible go shopping while Joss shows Kim her bedroom.

While at the store, Dr. Possible meets his colleagues who were expecting to see him around. After being told they're there for the Wild West Science Festival, something only the top scientific minds from around the world were invited to, Dr. Possible wonders why he was never invited, and his colleagues leave for the Crooked D after realising this. Over at the Crooked D, Drakken prepares to put his plan into action, while Shego mocks him, saying his plan will probably fail. This naturally annoys him, but Shego is left unimpressed.

Back at the ranch, Joss is showing Kim and Ron her room which is covered in pictures, mostly of Kim but also of wanted posters of villains such as Drakken and Shego. Ron notices there are no pictures of him as the sidekick and when he brings this up, Joss thinks he is talking about Wade. When Ron tells her he is talking about himself, Joss fails to recognise him at first, but after seeing Rufus she remembers him from the times he's lost his pants.

Having returned from the store, Slim shows Dr. Possible his satellite room, where he keeps an eye on his ranch. Dr. Possible asks if he could check out the Crooked D to see what his colleagues are up to at the science festival. Slim tells him it doesn't matter who knows he's smart, so long as he knows it. Back at the Crooked D, Drakken announces to the scientists that they may put on their hats, at which point they all begin acting extremely silly. Shego points this out and Drakken reveals that it's because of his invention, the silly hat.

In Joss's room, Kim is telling her cousin about her world-saving adventures but is unable to tell Joss anything new due to Joss already knowing everything about each of her missions, except for the parts that deal with Ron doing something. Kim, now at a loss, asks Joss what she wants to do. Joss replies telling her she'll do whatever Kim wants to do. Ron decides to go elsewhere seeing as Joss only seems interested in her cousin and catches Dr. Possible in Slim's satellite room, asking him what he's doing. They both end up going down to the Crooked D where they see Dr. Possible's colleagues acting ridiculous and wonder what's going on before getting captured by Drakken's henchmen. Kim, who's hiding from Joss at the ranch, calls Wade and tells him about her obsessive cousin and her need to get a life. Joss overhears this, and dejected, returns to her room. Kim goes to apologise and is shortly afterward called down by Slim to discover her dad and Ron have been captured by Drakken. Joss gets excited that Kim's foe is nearby, saying how nothing exciting happens where she lives, but Kim tells her that it's not something to get excited about. Meanwhile, Drakken locks up Dr. Possible and Ron and Dr. Possible quickly figures out Drakken's plan. Drakken then tells him how Possible's manage to take the fun out of everything before Shego bursts through the door to tell Drakken about Kim and her family approaching the Crooked D.

Kim, Joss, the tweebs and Slim prepare to take on Drakken and his henchmen. Jim and Tim manage to take out a couple of the henchmen, and Slim is able to destroy their weapons. Kim goes to fight Shego, telling Joss to stay clear, but while Kim tries to free her dad and Ron, Joss crashes into Kim and gets them both captured. Slim and the twins also get captured and they are all locked up with Dr. Possible and Ron. Kim attempts to grab the key right outside the cell door, but is just out of reach. Ron then calls Rufus out of his pocket to get the key. After one failed attempt, Rufus is able to grab the key but sets off a trap, alerting Drakken. Slim then activates Old Tornado which manages to free them all using its magnetic hooves; removing the cell door (and Drakken's pants in the process.) Drakken makes a run for it and Kim and Ron go to catch him on Old Tornado, but Shego snatches the control and sets it off, causing Kim to fall off and Ron clinging to its tail. Both Kim and the twins try to get the control from Shego but fail. Joss is able to stop Old Tornado herself by jumping on top of it and switching it off by the controls on its neck. Having stopped Old Tornado, Kim takes back the controls from Shego. She and Drakken then make their escape by creating a stampede as a distraction with the scientists that gathered at the science festival.

Ron and the Possibles see the stampede and Dr. Possible rushes in to knock off the silly hats and save his colleagues. Having foiled Drakken's plan, Kim, Ron and her family return to the ranch to settle down for dinner. Kim asks where Joss is, having not seen her in a while and her dad tells her that he saw her with Ron. Kim goes to Joss's room, only to see that Joss has replaced all the pictures she had of Kim with pictures of Ron, saying that because Kim can do anything, facing bad guys isn't a problem, but because Ron has many fears but doesn't let them get in the way of his sidekick role, that that makes him a true hero.

Dimension Twist

Dr. Drakken’s latest invention, and his second attempt at claiming the Pan-Dimensional Vortex Inducer, inadvertently causes him, Shego, Kim, Ron, and Rufus to be sucked into the world of cable TV.

Kim become concerned when Ron fails to meet her at Bueno Nacho for his usual Naco Night order. With Wade's assistance she infiltrates Ron's home in an attempt to find out what the situation is. Only to find that Ron is lost in the endless world of cable TV, newly installed at his home.

Overdue

Kim is practicing her cheerleading with the rest of the cheer squad. Her practice is cut short when Miss Hatchet, the school’s librarian, interrupts to inform Kim that she has an overdue book and that her cheerleading activities are suspended until she is able to return the missing book. Kim is sure the book is in her locker, and goes to fetch it to hand in to the library. To her shock, the book isn’t in there.

After hearing that Kim had been kicked off the cheer squad, Ron finds her by her locker and asks her what happened. She explains the sitch and runs off to find the lost book. Ron then remembers a month ago to when he had borrowed a book that Kim had checked out, “A Brief History of CHEESE” and realizes that it’s his fault Kim can’t find the book. He sets off to find it and tries sneaking into Duff Killigan’s lair, where he thinks the book has been left. Ron, on the phone to Wade, asks him to keep the mission between the two of them. Ron then gets a call from Kim, she apologizes for acting snippy the previous day but is quickly cut off by Miss Hatchet, who gives her her first assignment - to begin organizing the school’s library books.

Ron, now inside Duff’s castle, begins looking through the bookcases. Rufus checks under the furniture. As they’re searching, they get a waft of something that Ron thinks is noxious gas. Duff then comes into the room to see who’s in his lair, and doesn't seem all that upset about finding Ron and Rufus. When Ron asks about the smell, Duff explains that he was just making himself some lunch--specifically a recipe for haggis that used to belong to his grandmother (he forces Ron and Rufus to eat some of it). As Ron leaves the castle, he hears something rustling in a nearby bush and quickly runs, thinking it’s Duff with leftovers. It turns out to be the Wadebot, which Wade made improvements to (it now has stealth mode).

The next lair Ron tries is Dr. Drakken’s. Drakken is preparing to launch his centripetal oscillator, which he will use to control the Earth’s orbit. After putting in the batteries, he notices the cupboards and shelves around the lair have been opened and messed up, and thinks Shego is to blame. She replies sarcastically, and Drakken then sees Rufus digging through his file cabinets. Rufus quickly runs over to Ron, who hides behind the Wadebot. Wade activates the stealth mode on his Wadebot and as Drakken is ready to the activate his machine, Wade turns off stealth mode and uses a claw on the Wadebot to grab the lever to the machine’s controls. Shego then blasts the Wadebot into the wall and asks Ron where Kim is. He immediately replies stating how Kim isn’t his girlfriend and after a moment of awkwardness between both of them, goes to check the final cabinet. Shego is about to stop him, but is stopped herself by Wade, who throws her towards one of Drakken’s machines. As Ron opens the cabinet a bowling ball falls out and rolls toward Drakken, knocking him into the centripetal oscillator and stopping his plan. Ron doesn’t seem to notice this though, concentrating on the fact that the book is nowhere to be seen in Drakken’s lair. Ron and Wade leave this lair and head for the lair of Professor Dementor.

At the school library Kim is putting library books back on their shelves and decides to check if Miss Hatchet is around. She isn’t, so Kim makes a call on her Kimmunicator asking Wade where Ron is, having not seen him all day. Wade, while trying to help Ron at Dementor’s hideout tells her he hasn’t heard from him at all. After hearing his voice from Wade’s end of the Kimmunicator, she is asks if it was Ron but Wade just says it’s a scream from his video game, Pollinator. Hatchet then catches Kim in the act, and orders her to put labels on every single book in the library.

As it turns out, the book Ron is looking for is not in Dementor’s lair. So now he makes his way to the lair of Monkey Fist, who is about to crown himself the Phantom Monkey King. Wade asks Ron if he is sure he took the book on a mission, which Ron says he did. He then notices a book on a pedestal and grabs it, glad that he’s finally found it. After opening the book however, a ghost-like monkey monster appears out of one of the book’s pages and Ron promptly shuts it. This of course grabs Monkey Fist’s attention and he orders his monkey ninjas to attack them. Wade goes into stealth mode again and one of the monkeys snatches the book from Ron and hands it back to Monkey Fist. Monkey Fist is about to open the book to release the Phantom Monkeys inside it, but Wade (still under stealth mode) grabs him from behind and sends him flying into a palm tree next to his throne. Ron hurriedly goes for the book, taking it back from Monkey Fist, but Monkey Fist just kicks Ron across the room, making him lose his backpack. A book falls out of the backpack, the book Ron has been looking for all this time. Ron realizes he must never have taken it out of his backpack in the first place. Monkey Fist grabs Ron and holds him in mid-air, demanding the book. Rufus hits Monkey Fist with a staff and he goes headfirst through his throne, toppling over the palm trees beside the throne and breaking his monkey idols, leaving him extremely annoyed. The monkey ninjas go to attack Ron, but he puts the two books in his bag (along with Rufus) and the Wadebot carries them out of the lair and out of the monkey ninja’s reach. They then make their way back to school to help Kim.

It’s now late at the Middleton School Library and Kim is still sticking labels to the books. Ron finally shows up and places the missing book on a shelf, then asks to rent is out telling Miss Hatchet she was wrong about it being missing all along. She doubts this but lets Kim go, sure that someday, Kim will forget to return a book and that she’ll be waiting for her. Kim and Ron leave the library and Ron tells Kim how he and Rufus stopped Monkey Fist from taking over the world with the ancient text. Kim checks out the book and notices that it’s her overdue book on cheese. Ron then realizes that he handed the wrong book to Miss Hatchet. They both look back in shock as they hear Miss Hatchet’s scream and a group of phantom monkeys rise up through the roof of the library.

Rappin' Drakken

Ron has procrastinated and not started his creative writing assignment. Dr. Drakken decides to go on a talent show, which airs on television every week, as a means of getting people to buy his brainwashing shampoo.

Drakken has built an invisible lair right in the middle of the ocean. However, Kim and Ron (Technically just Ron) destroy the lair and catch all the henchmen, but Drakken and Shego escape. Drakken goes back to his usual lair on the island. He designs a brain washing shampoo and sells it to stores throughout the country, but no one buys it. He tries to get it into a rap to promote it, but MC Honey refuses. So Drakken brainwashes the producer of American Starmaker and sings his rap song. However, Kim also enters the show and since Kim is distracted, Ron wins the show. Drakken and Shego are arrested.

Team Impossible

Team Impossible, the world's premier action/rescue team confront Kim Possible and demand she end her world saving career as it is cutting into their profit margin, which all started after Kim saved Mr. Paisley and Mr. McHenry from the McHenry laser grid (which according to Crash was due to careless typing when McHenry tried to contact Team Impossible). When Kim refuses to do so, she suddenly finds the network of connections which allow her to travel the world is missing. They manage to stop both Drakken and Professor Dementor while impressing even the supervillains themselves.

Suspicious of a plot, Kim and Ron sent a fake distress message to Team Impossible's website. When Wade checks out Team Impossible's website to find the location of their base while the message was being sent, Dash Damon counterattacks by crashing Wade's entire computer system with a spiked virus, much to Wade's horror. However, Wade still managed to get an address, which allowed Kim and Ron to confront Team Impossible at their own base.

Upon reaching Team Impossible's base with the help of Mrs. Silver, Kim and Ron were shocked to find a sprawling resort, where they recognized all of the guests as people they had helped. Kim and Ron were then dropped into Team Impossible's underground control center for a direct confrontation. Team Impossible admitted what they had done and attacked, but Kim held the clear advantage over all three men with little trouble. The fight was interrupted by Wade, who had actually left his room for the first time since Kim and Ron had known him as he was still angry over his destroyed computer system.

Though, Dash was not phased by Wade's sudden arrival, Wade asks if Team Impossible the McHenry laser grid in Kim's first mission. Team Impossible reveal they got that grid since it costed Mr. Paisley a fortune to get. Wade then "accidentally" activates Team Impossible's McHenry laser grid to trap them, then tosses away the remote far away from anyone's reach.

Team Impossible feared they were doomed, but Kim once again proved them wrong by using her cheerleader skills (which Team Impossible had earlier brushed off at the beginning of the episode as nothing special to them) to reach the remote and deactivate the grid. This forced Team Impossible to reconsider their stance on Kim saving the world since had it not been for her, they could have been fried by their own grid.

Later at Bueno Nacho, Team Possible asks Team Impossible if the latter will agree to stop charging people they save and join Global Justice. Team Impossible find that hard to agree with until Wade has to do some additional prodding with the McHenry laser remote control (Ron also adds to Team Impossible they should not think Wade is playing around as he has the entire world wired), which is enough to "convince" Team Impossible to agree with the deal. As an added show of good faith, Burn Berman also helped Kim's father with his taxes.

Gorilla Fist

Ron is enlisted by, Yori, his lady friend and classmate from the Yamanouchi Ninja School to help find their missing Sensei, who they suspect has been kidnapped by Monkey Fist. A suspicious, and jealous, Kim pursues them.

And the Mole Rat Will Be CGI

Thanks to a botched attempt by Senor Senior, Junior at burgling the crown jewels from the Tower of London leads to a Hollywood director setting his sights on Kim and Ron's potential for a blockbuster action film.
Subsequently, Kim and Ron are followed by two glamorous movie stars, one of them attempting to learn about their lives for an upcoming Kim Possible movie.

Junior, in an attempt to impress his father, gives a try at stealing the Crown Jewels from the Tower of London. Unfortunately for him, he mistakes a movie set in New Zealand for the real-deal.

Once Junior finds out that a Kim Possible movie is set for production he goes out of his way to try and persuade Jimmy Blamhammer to cast him as the role for the villain of the movie.

Kim and Ron find themselves being followed by the all-star celebrities cast to act as them, Heather and Quinn. While things might seem exciting at first, Kim and Ron soon grow weary. Kim begins to rue living in the shadow of the seemingly perfect Heather, while Ron struggles to get any meaningful interaction out of Quinn.

So the Drama

Kim Possible and Ron Stoppable have been summoned for a second time to help the toy-manufacturing tycoon Mr. Nakasumi, and foil an attempt by Shego to kidnap Nakasumi for Dr. Drakken. Despite her failure to capture Nakasumi, however, Shego does manage to get his jacket.

Despite this initial setback, Drakken finds something in Nakasumi's jacket. An epiphany provides him with high hopes and a plan he won't divulge to Shego. Shego snatches the note Drakken found, but to her its contents are nothing more than a cartoon character. But it is one of the final components of part of Drakken's elaborate master plan to finally "take over the world," and "defeat Kim Possible once and for all". Two other stages in his plan that have already been carried out include the development of "Synthodrones", a more advanced model of the synthetic/artificial people that Drakken had unsuccessfully experimented with some time back, and a bizarre research project investigating the lifestyles of teenage girls.

For Kim, a teenage girl matter just happens to be a growing concern. The Junior Prom is approaching, and with the usual taunting from rival Bonnie Rockwaller thrown in, Kim is facing the realization that she has never had a steady boyfriend, and that her crime-fighting lifestyle might be a lead contributing factor of this. She is also troubled at the awkward possibility that her best -- but less-than cool and mature -- friend Ron, might end up her only prospect for the prom.

Ron is concerned at the moment with other things that matter only to him. Bueno Nacho, the fast-food chain that has been his great joy in life, has come entirely under new ownership, and are implementing numerous small changes that are sapping away Ron's joy little by little.

Kim and Ron's separate feelings of woe end up intersecting. Ron strikes up a friendship with Eric, a boy new to their school. But when Ron introduces Eric to Kim, there is an instant and mutual attraction between them. Immediately, Kim and Eric are dating steadily and Kim is happy, while Ron finds himself increasingly on the sidelines of Kim's life.

To complete the final stage in his master plan, Drakken requires the most advanced "cybertronic technology" in existence. As it happens, Kim's father, Dr. James Possible, is the one scientist who possesses it, leading Drakken to kidnap him to get it. Although Kim and Ron find Drakken's lair and rescue Dr. Possible, Drakken and his organization have escaped to parts unknown, and the heroes are still unable to fathom any of his plans.

Shego is also finding herself unable to grasp Drakken's new plan. Drakken is pleased because he knows that if Shego can't figure out his scheme, neither can Kim. Drakken baffles Shego even more when he goes to a board meeting at a company he recently acquired.

Bueno Nacho has introduced their first kiddie meals, which come with a small, toy robot-figure called "Little Diablo". The Little Diablos are a worldwide popular sensation, and children all over the world are grabbing them.

Kim realizes Ron's growing unhappiness and tries to have a heart to heart talk with him, explaining that things are changing and it's time to move on in life.

Eric has asked Kim to the prom, to her delight. Meanwhile, Ron soon realizes his own feelings for Kim, and at first he decides to tell her, but then reconsiders, valuing her friendship too much to risk losing it.

At the prom, Kim and Eric are the center of attention. Ron decides to go to Bueno Nacho and hang out by himself, trying to deal with losing Kim. Ned tries to tell Ron something bad is happening in the restaurant chain, but all Ron notices is that the bendy straws have been taken away. Ron decides it is time to complain to the new owner of Bueno Nacho. With Wade's assistance, Ron is connected, and finds the person on the other end of the line is none other than Dr. Drakken. One secret revealed, the restaurant's new manager, an agent of Drakken's, unleashes another. Like a miniature army, the tiny Little Diablo toys come to life and go after Ron. Eluding the pursuing Diablos, Ron bursts into the prom and tries to warn Kim and everyone else. He is immediately dismissed as crazy, and even Kim, nearly giving in to peer pressure and Eric's disbelief, almost dismisses Ron's warnings as well. But, remembering that she and Ron have been through too much together for a long time, and that she has experienced plenty of bizarre things in crime-fighting, Kim relents and returns with him to her home to investigate further. Eric seems displeased.

At Kim's house, it is revealed that the Diablos are made from the cybertronic technology Drakken stole from Kim's father. Elsewhere, Drakken demands that Shego gives him a status report. While there are enough Diablos around the world to implement the final phase of the plan, Kim is getting wise to them. His plans in danger of being exposed, Drakken unleashes a direct attack on Kim. Tim and Jim's own Little Diablo toys suddenly transform into giant, killer robots, fully armed with weapons. With help from the Possible family, Kim and Ron succeed in defeating the robot attack. Drakken reveals to Kim he has Eric.

Kim dons the super enhanced battle suit for the first time, which further increases her natural abilities to superhuman levels and grants her several new useful gadgets and special abilities.

Angrily, Kim dons a new experimental battle-suit from Wade that has the ability to repair itself and enhance the physical ability of the wearer, and she and Ron head for Drakken's new lair, Bueno Nacho's corporate headquarters. After a furious battle, Kim defeats Shego and finds Eric unharmed. But, Kim then learns that she had been viciously deceived, and that Eric, from the start, is actually one of Drakken's new Synthodrones. Eric (or Synthodrone 901) hits her with a jolt of electricity, knocking her out. Ron attempts a rescue but is knocked out by Shego. Kim and Ron are taken prisoner, and wake tied up in a storage room.

The entire world is soon under attack from armies of the giant Diablo robots. Kim, deeply humiliated and depressed at how she had been played all along, is close to conceding defeat. Ron gives Kim a pep talk saying that it is not too late to stop Drakken, and that Kim will find the right guy. Kim asks if he really thinks there's a guy for her, and Ron says there might be one who's out there... or in here. Upon hearing these words, Kim begins to realize who the guy of her dreams really is. Rufus then appears and uses Kim's laser lipstick to cut his friends down. The three head off to stop Drakken and his accomplices.

Believing that he has finally won, Drakken begins to gloat, until Kim comes in and punches him across the room. Kim and Ron head up to the roof to destroy the master signal tower controlling the Diablos, but Shego and Eric get in the way. While Kim is able to hold her own against Shego, Eric proves to be too much for Ron, but makes a mistake by insulting Rufus. Angrily, Rufus bites a hole in Eric's foot, causing his syntho-goo to gush out, killing him. At the same time, the signal tower is destroyed and the Diablos deactivate. Knowing his plan is ruined, Drakken attempts to flee, but Ron cuts him off, saying that he crossed the line when he "ruined" Bueno Nacho. Drakken begs for mercy and Ron forces him to finally say his name.

Drakken and his goons are taken into custody and the media broadcasts the news of Kim and Ron's victory. Kim shocks everyone when she returns to the prom holding hands with Ron. Bonnie attempts to get everyone to laugh at the new couple, but instead they all cheer. At first Kim and Ron are too embarrassed to move. Rufus gets the ball rolling by pushing his friends together. Kim and Ron take each other's hands and nervously start to slow dance to Christy Carlson Romano's song "Could It Be". As the dance goes on, they become more comfortable and begin to see each other in a new light. Towards the end, they look into each other's eyes, slowly lean in, and finally kiss. Outside, the Middleton High School board reads, "THE END" as the camera pans to the stars.

Ill Suited

It is senior year, and Kim and Ron are officially dating! Bonnie disapproves of their relationship, telling them that cheerleaders always date jocks. Ron caves in to the idea and tries out for the football team... with the help of Kim's battle-suit. Meanwhile, Dementor has his own plans for Kim's battle gear.

Kim and Ron are dancing at their high school prom. After they kiss, Kim smiles at Ron. Her smile, along with the music, turn demonic before she dissolves into a mass of green sludge and reveals herself to be a Synthodrone. Ron freaks out at this and jerks awake, screaming. Rufus also wakes up from the noise and hushes Ron, pointing out that it is 3 o'clock in the morning. Ron now panicking, grabs his phone and calls Kim, asking her if she really is a Synthrodrone. Kim reassures him, telling him that he was having a nightmare and is about to hang up but Ron also asks her if she and him really kissed - to which Kim confirms they did but she also tells him it will not happen again if he continues to call in the middle of the night. After both hanging up, Ron lies in bed and notes how “love is complicated.”

Later on, they both set to foil Professor Dementor’s latest plot, catching him in an underground lab. When Ron mentions that he is now Kim’s boyfriend, Dementor fails to believe him, despite him insisting that it‘s true. Dementor wonders how Kim managed to find him and Kim pulls out the to-do list that he dropped while he stole the ultrasonic drill, taunting him for making the job of finding him “that much easier“. Ron reads out the list, reminding Dementor that one of his “to-dos” was to call his mother. Kim tells him that he can call her from prison. Dementor simply says that he’ll add one more thing to his list -- to eliminate Kim Possible, and fires up the stolen drill. She shields the attack (and Ron) with her battle-suit and jumps up to the platform Dementor is on, ready to apprehend him. Before she’s able to however, Dementor (surprised at Kim’s enhanced abilities) asks her when had she gained her new battle-suit. Kim and Ron explain that the suit is relatively new and virtually indestructible. Dementor then sets his henchmen on Kim and aims the drill at Ron. Kim easily takes out the henchmen, leaving Dementor to resort to using a ray gun on her instead. She catches the blast with the battle suit and returns the projectile, knocking the gun out of Dementor’s hand to his frustration. Ron calls to Kim for help, giving Dementor the opportunity to escape. She shuts off the ultrasonic drill and rushes to see if her “so-called” boyfriend is ok.

When they get to school, Monique and Ron are excited about finally starting their senior (and final) year of high school. Kim, though she admits to them that she is happy about finally being a senior, is still bummed about how her and Ron had their first mission as high school seniors but that Dementor managed to get away. Ron helps her feel better, but then Bonnie Rockwaller comes over and openly expresses her disapproval of Kim and Ron's relationship. Bonnie tries advising Kim to dump Ron and start dating a jock--her reasoning being that it's practically a rule for cheerleaders, especially since they are seniors now.

Kim dismisses the idea and tells Ron not to obsess over it either. However, throughout the day Ron does obsess over the idea, at one point thinking that his role as Middleton Mad Dog must count for something. He eventually feels it does not matter either way as he is convinced Kim would never trade him up for a jock, or anyone else for that matter. Unfortunately, at this moment he overhears Monique and Kim talking about trading up - Kim agreeing with Bonnie it being time to trade up. Ron panics and quickly leaves without hearing the entire conversation, believing Kim was talking about dumping him for a jock instead of the actual topic of the conversation: Monique's cell phone. Ron then decides that either Kim should not be a cheerleader or that he needs to be a jock. Seeing a poster for the football team, Ron tries out for the position of the school’s new quarterback.

The coach, Mr. Barkin, doubts that Ron is quarterback material with the name “Stoppable” but Ron insists he can make the cut. He quickly gets on Barkin’s bad side during practice and Barkin orders him to crabwalk a lap where he comes across Kim and Monique. When he tells them he is trying out for the football team, Kim immediately suspects that it is because of Bonnie’s trash talk from earlier. Ron denies this, instead saying he is doing it for college. Kim then gets a call from Wade, but all she gets for her newest sitch are GPS coordinates from a strange old lady. The lady’s cat, Princess, is stuck in a tree. Ron attempts to save the cat, but she attacks him and sends him back down covered in cuts, so Ron instead suggests that Kim try saving her as she is wearing her battle-suit anyways. Kim quickly leaps up the tree and encourages Princess into her arms. Unbeknownst to Kim, Princess is not all she seems.

After rescuing her cat, the old woman insists that they be thanked properly and invites them into her house for some cookies. While she is in the kitchen, Kim and Ron note how strange and even creepy the woman is (including her ornaments and other collectibles), choosing to have the cookies 'to go'. Princess then suddenly jumps from Kim’s arms and fires a beam at her. Narrowly dodging and now alerted that they have been set up, Princess able to analyse Kim’s battle-suit. Before Kim or Ron can react, all the exits in the house are locked down with metal slabs and the old lady reveals 'her' true identity as Professor Dementor.

Ron mocks Dementor for wearing a dress, but Dementor insists that it is a housecoat. He quickly shrugs off the argument and orders his collectibles to attack the two. The collectibles throw plates and fire hard candies at them while Kim tries to repel them with her battle-suit. As she is about to counterattack, she is stopped by the sofa (actually one of Dementor's contraptions) which quickly pulls her to the ground and swallows her. Dementor laughs in triumph at the apparent end of the teenage heroine when the sofa begins to expand. Kim bursts through the sofa using the battle suit's shielding, sending parts of the sofa flying across the room and destroying the remaining attack collectables. She then goes for Dementor who simply grabs the data collected by the electronic cat and tosses it to Kim, who catches the now disabled machine. He then escapes through a cupboard fashioned into a rocket, leaving Kim and Ron with the cat which. After a moment, the two notice that the cat is counting down in a self-destruct sequence. Kim hastily grabs Ron and they both make their own escape through the hole in the roof. Seconds after landing, the house and all its contents are vaporized by the self-destruct sequence. Kim calls up Wade and tells him that Dementor had the “home field advantage”, inspiring Ron to “secretly borrow” Kim’s (relatively new and virtually indestructible) battle-suit.

The next night, Ron sneaks into Kim’s bedroom while she's out babysitting and takes her battle-suit out of her closet to wear to football practice. With the suit underneath his uniform, Ron has another try at getting on the football team. The suit naturally gives him incredible strength and speed, easily landing him as Middleton’s new quarterback and becoming a hero in his first match - astonishing everyone from Mr. Barkin to Kim and the rest of the cheer squad. Bonnie finds Ron’s new skills to be too good to be true, and although she seems jealous at Ron for apparently "stepping-up," even Kim cannot help but be suspicious about Ron's sudden improvement.

After the game, Kim and Ron celebrate at Bueno Nacho. When Kim expresses her doubts about Ron's newfound abilities, he just tells her how, like herself, he is full of surprises. Professor Dementor then busts in through the roof of the restaurant. After some banter, he reveals the results of his analysis of the battle-suit, a magnetic controller, and attempts to take control of Kim using her battle-suit. He instead takes control of Ron, who is still wearing the suit under his uniform. Both Kim and Dementor take a few moments to catch on that something is not right, with Kim realizing that Ron was wearing it right before Dementor activates the shield on the suit. This destroys Ron's clothes and reveals to Kim the true source of Ron's sudden football skills. Dementor then controls Ron to attack Kim, during which Ron explains why he stole the suit in the first place. Kim, initially angry at Ron for stealing, lying, and cheating his way onto the team, explains to him the misunderstanding about the conversation he overheard. As soon as he accepts that Kim would truly never trade him up and apologises for his behaviour, he throws Kim into the back of the restaurant - rendering her unconscious. Dementor releases Ron from the suit to put it on himself, intending to destroy Kim Possible with his own hands. Rufus signals for Ron to toss him over to Dementor’s control panel so he can stop him. Rufus, able to control of the suit himself, forces Dementor to repeatedly punch himself. Ron immediately makes his way over to Kim and helps her up and they both watch as Dementor hits himself over and over again.

On his second match, Ron, now without the aid of Kim's battle-suit, uses his "mad running away skills" honed through years of going on missions with Kim to dodge the opposing team's merciless attacks and score. The team's victory cements Ron's position as a running-back and, a jock. However, Ron is still punished by Mr. Barkin after the game for cheating his way on to the team in the first place and is told to crab-walk twenty laps.

The Big Job

After Kim becomes tired of coupon funded dates, she and Ron decide to get jobs. Meanwhile, Señor Senior Jr. and Shego go on a series of crimes to honor Señor Senior Sr.'s birthday in an attempt to perform the perfect crime.

Kim is frustrated with Ron's persistent use of coupons - to the point where he uses them to order off the children's menu at the fancy restaurant, Chez Couteaux, on one of their dates. Much to Kim's embarrassment.

Monique helps Kim get a job at Club Banana in the hopes of leading Ron to get a job by setting an example. Unfortunately, Ron isn't too quick to take the hint and when he does the right job doesn't come straight away.

The episode starts off showing Kim and Ron on a date at a very fancy restaurant. They soon discover that the prices at the restaurant are very expensive, so Ron suggests the much less pricey kid's menu. Ron tells Kim to act like she is a kid, but she will have nothing of it. When he pulls out his coupon book, Kim gives up on the date. The opening credits start.

We start off by seeing Doctor Drakken in his prison cell talking about how the entire criminal underworld is arguing about who will have the honor of breaking him out. His cellmate, Frugal Lucre tells Drakken a really dumb and pointless idea when a helicopter with a dangling rope ladder appears in front of his window. He goes to grab it, but the helicopter quickly flies to the other side of the prison. A figure descends from the helicopter and plants a bomb outside of a cell. The bomb explodes and Shego walks out. The prison goes on alert, but Shego jumps onto the ladder and the helicopter flies away, leaving Drakken jealous.

We next see the helicopter flying towards the Senior's island. Junior and Shego enter a room in the mansion where Junior requires Shego's help in robbing the perfect birthday present for his father. He hasn't decided what to rob yet. His father wants him to do a chore for him, leaving Shego alone in the room.

We now see Kim entering Club Banana where Monique is behind the counter. Monique senses that Kim's date was bad, and Kim explains to her about the kid's menu and the coupons. Monique tells Kim that she should get a job at Club Banana to show Ron that he should get a job too. Kim is reluctant at first, but once Monique notes the employee discount, she is all for it.

We go to the mall's food court where Ron is consulting his "trusty" coupon book about where to eat. Just seeing the book annoys Kim, who is sitting with Monique behind Ron. They are arguing about the book when Wade calls to tell them Shego was broken out of prison the previous night. He says he will look into who did it. Kim tells Ron she has to go to work, and that maybe he should get a job too, but he doesn't see why. Kim gives him a kiss on the cheek and walks off with Monique. Upon reflection, Ron sees he needs money since his coupon book is almost empty, so he goes to find a job.

We now see Junior looking up potential gifts for his father on a computer with Shego beside him. After a few choices, they decide to steal the Tome of Treachery, a very valuable book from a museum in San Francisco. We now go to Club Banana where Ron is wearing a pickle costume, and says he got a job to Kim and Monique. Kim is upset that Ron got such a weird job when Wade calls. He says Junior and Shego have been spotted in downtown San Francisco, and he tells them about the Tome of Treachery.

We go to San Francisco were Junior and Shego are having a hard time finding a free parking space. Shego gets annoyed and gets out of the car and tells Junior to keep circling. Shego walks toward the museum when Kim stops her. Shego is surprised to see her and a battle ensues. It is stopped when Ron pulls up in their car and says he will keep circling. The battle between the girls restarts. We now see Junior and Ron converge on a free parking space in their cars. They both meet at the space and a fight between them to get a quarter in the parking meter starts. Both of the fights end when Junior and Shego take off in their car. Kim and Ron pursue them in their car. Right when Ron points out that they haven't seen one cable car, one is coming right for them. A commercial starts just as they are going to be hit.

When we come back, Ron tries to press any button he can find, but Kim knows the car better and flips a switch that makes the car fly over the cable car. They continue chasing Junior and Shego down to a pier, when they hop on water skis and go out into the bay. Kim asks Wade to patch her through to the Tweebs. She asks them if the car can float, and they day it can. It turns out they thought Kim said, “Could you add", not "Did you add". We now see Shego and Junior talking about what to do next on the Seniors' island. They decide to go to a seemingly unreachable place to steal a "priceless paperweight."

We go to Club Banana where Kim and Monique are working when Ron walks in dressed in Safari clothes. He says his old job didn't work out, so he got a job at the zoo to feed the lions, but Kim is worried, saying that it is too dangerous.

We see Ron walk into Kim's house all beaten up with a completely different attitude towards the zoo. Wade breaks in and tells them Junior and Shego are in South America.

We see the seemingly unreachable place with Junior and Shego inside, standing in front of a thirty foot paperweight. Their conversation is cut short when Kim and Ron walk in. Shego and Kim begin a fight that lasts all the way outside where there are llamas beside Kim's car. Ron gets in the car and stops a fleeing Junior, but the llama bites out a tire, foiling Ron's attempt.

We now go to the food court where Ron, Kim, and Monique are talking about Ron’s jobs. Ron says he gives up after the zoo incident. Kim says he is trying and that is good enough.

We see an aggravated Junior and Shego enter the island. Junior comes up with a brilliant idea to say they kidnapped the five richest people in the world, all of which are his father and his card buddies. They plan to keep them playing long enough so they can receive a large ransom in return. Shego finds the plan brilliant. Junior picks up the phone and starts making ransoms. A commercial starts.

We go to Club Banana where Ron is helping out, beyond Monique's wants. Wade interrupts as Kim starts talking. He shows them a video of Junior wanting two billion dollars for the safe return of the richest people. Wade shows them the richest people, and Ron notes the one as Martin Smarty, his idol. Wade says their car is still being worked on because of the llama bite, but Ron pulls out two coupons for parasailing lessons.

We now see Kim and Ron parasailing onto the Senior's island. Ron brags about how the coupon book finally came in handy, but Kim says it is just this once. Once they land, Kim and Ron grapple over the wall and onto the pool deck. They enter the living room of the mansion where they find Junior and Shego waiting for them. A very long battle starts. It ends with Ron hanging over alligators, and Junior and Shego standing next to Kim. The fight ends when Senor Senior Senior walks into the room with his four card buddies. Junior tells his father his entire plan. His father is very proud of him. Shego does not want to see the plan die, so she holds Martin Smarty hostage in front of a hanging Ron. Ron pulls on Shego's leg, which pulls him up, releases Martin Smarty, and pulls Shego down to the alligators. Martin thanks Ron and offers him a job at Smarty Mart, which he accepts. Ron is now the head of the animal department at Middleton's Smarty Mart.

We go to the same restaurant as the beginning with Ron without a kid's menu and his coupons. But not everything is perfect, as Ron refuses to take off his work vest. Kim says it is a great date.

While the credits roll, Lucre tells Drakken two more ways of escaping: the exact same thing as Shego and Junior did and the same thing as in So the Drama. Drakken soon gets annoyed and goes to sleep.

Trading Faces

It is revealed that Dr. Beaufox is the doctor who conducted Camille Leon's Nanomorphing surgery, when Tim and Jim Possible were reading a book on Camille Leon. This experimental surgery lets her shapeshift into anyone, on the planet, including the clothes that they have on as well. Presumably, she may be able to shapeshift into nonexistent people as well, but she always nanomorphs into other people, when she commits crimes.

After determining that a certain valuable necklace will be the thief's next target, Kim decides to go to the modeling show where the necklace will be worn. When the model doesn't show up, Kim takes her place and wears the necklace herself. However, Camille shows up anyway and rips it right off Kim's neck, then assumes Britina's appearance and runs off. Kim tells Ron to look for Britina and that it's really Camille. Shortly afterward she runs into Ron again, but things get confusing when a second Ron appears on the scene. Kim quickly figures out which one is Camille and tackles her. Camille escapes temporarily and takes the form of an old woman, but her cat runs up to her and blows her cover to help kim and Ron catch her, Camille is arrested and britina, Mc honey and scarlet are released from prison.

The Cupid Effect

Valentine's Day is approaching, and Wade meets Monique in person for the first time, instantly developing a crush on her. However, she expresses not being interested in him romantically - largely owing to the age-gap between the two.

Through some accidental inspiration from Ron, Wade invents a "Cupid Ray" to get Monique to crush back. Kim and Monique can both sense something isn't quite right. But things get even more complicated when the Señor Seniors gain posession of Wade's Cupid Ray's plans...

Valentine's Day is imminent, and at Club Banana, Monique complains to Kim about a horrible drive-through date she had. She also reveals her jealously about Kim and Ron probably having something planned for Valentine's Day while she is dateless. However Kim responds that Ron has not remembered Valentine's and as such they have no plans. As if on cue, Ron arrives at Club Banana because Smarty Mart's pet department has been closed for a while due to some animal cages being left open and "food chain issues" occurring.
Kim reminds Ron about Valentine's Day, but Ron says he doesn't celebrate,having never had a girlfriend on Valentine's Day. Then he realizes that he does have a girlfriend this Valentine's day. Wade pops up in person, scaring Ron by tapping him on the shoulder. Wade changes out the batteries on the Kimmunicator, and shows Kim a new X-ray plug-in. Monique greets him for the first time in person and suddenly Wade is in love with her. He becomes awkward and giddy. He wants to ask her out, but Monique does not care for the age difference. Ron decides to help him out, even going so far as to say, "Who's dating Kim Possible?" as evidence of his alleged knack for romance. To which Wade responds that the chances inexplicably worked in Ron's favour.

A failed attempt to woo Monique at the mall follows. Due mainly to Ron trying too hard to make Wade look grown up, resulting in them getting in trouble with mall security as well as mixing up his biology homework with a romantic note he wrote for Wade to read to Monique. After getting in trouble for impersonating a president the two contemplate how complicated romance is. Wade wishes it were as easy as inventing things, and Ron jokingly suggests Wade make some kind of love-ray to make girls instantly fall in love. Wade decides to take this suggestion seriously and begins conceptualizing a "Cupid Ray".

Overnight, Wade develops the new device and builds a prototype. Just after he finishes it, Ron enters with the idea to scoop Monique away to somewhere romantic. Thus, Ron leads the unsuspecting Kim and Monique on a mission to Paris. Ron's excuse is that the Eiffel Tower is in danger. Of rust. Eventually. Fortunately for him, Kim reaches the impression that Ron brought her to Paris for a date, which she finds romantic. And Monique, as an awkward third-wheel.

While Kim pulls Ron away to talk to him about not encouraging Wade, the young genius casually zaps Monique with the device. It works like a charm. Although confused, Kim believes that maybe all Wade and Monique needed was a third chance and a romantic environment and she turns her focus back to Ron for the night.

Unfortunately, Señor Senior Junior and his father are in France for "Le Goop" hair-gel, and see the Cupid Ray in action from inside the store. Amazed at its capabilities and the potential to use it for evil, the two hatch a scheme to steal the schematics from Wade's house while he is away and acquire advanced sound systems in order to amplify the Cupid Ray by roughly a hundred megawatts.

Kim confronts Ron over the way Monique is suddenly fawning over Wade in between trying to actively avoid him, and eventually Ron confesses about the Cupid Ray. Although disappointed in both of Wade for doing it, Ron for not trying to stop it—Kim focuses on the fact that the technology is now in the hands of the Seniors. Fortunately, Wade discovered that Junior is hosting a Free for Ladies Only concert and the team prepares to leave just as Monique arrives to confront Wade over what he had done to her. Needing to move quickly, Kim zaps Monique with the Ray, bringing her along for the mission.

Entering the concert itself proves to be difficult as Monique lacks a grappling hook, which Kim, Ron and Waded all possessed. Kim and Monique decide to dress Wade and Ron up as women. Thus the four are able to walk in the front doors without issue. Aware that the Cupid Ray could effect Kim and Monique, Wade gives them special earplugs to prevent the ray from affecting them.

Junior arrives on stage shortly after and the crowd dislikes his singing - until Senior activates the Cupid Ray. Suddenly all the attending girls go from annoyed disinterest to raving over him like he is the best singer in the world. As the crowd goes wild, Ron gets knocked into Monique and her hearing protection falls out, leaving her again vulnerable to the Cupid Ray, and joining the obsessed crowd. Annoyed, Kim goes after Junior and confronts the confused villain as he does not understand why Kim is immune to the ray. Unfortunately for Kim, Senior is hiding behind her and removes her ear protection before she has a chance to take action - thus she too falls under effect of the amplified Cupid Ray.

Desperate to stop their efforts from unraveling further, Ron goes after Junior personally while Wade goes to find the Cupid Ray. While Ron distracts everyone's attention by confronting Junior for being smothered in Kim's attention, Wade sneaks backstage and removes his feminine disguise. Wade is confronted by Senior, who introduces him to his two minions, "Evil" and "Treachery". Fortunately, Wade evades the two as they attack him by using his grappling belt. He disables the device, turning the Cupid Ray's effects on the concert attendees off and allowing them to run Junior out of the concert building as a mob.
Later at Bueno Nacho, Kim and Ron are having a simple date for Valentine's Day, but their kiss is interrupted by Monique reprimanding Wade over the whole incident. However, Monique expresses happiness with being his friend although she is not interested in a romantic attachment, despite being flattered by his crush. While Monique is still talking, Wade notices a girl his age in the form of Olivia, who is sitting a short distance away. After he moves to introduce himself to her, Monique realized she is still dateless on Valentine's Day. Ned leans over the counter and wiggles his eyebrows suggestively at her - which makes Monique quite content with being single for the moment.

During the end credits Wade explains to Ron that Olivia is also a super genius, and had invented her own Cupid Ray which she has been using on him. Ron momentarily freaks out, worried that Kim also has one somewhere, when she walks up and startles him. Kim refers to Ron as weird for his over-the-top reaction before adding "I like weird".

Car Alarm

Kim finally manages to get her own car: a literal fixer-upper that her dad once owned. However, chaos ensues when the Tweebs volunteer to trick it out. Meanwhile, Shego gets out of prison by way of Motor Ed and assists in his latest caper.

Mad Dogs and Aliens

Jim and Tim take over Middleton Mad Dog duties at the high school, much to the dislike of Ron. Dr. Drakken is finally broken out of prison by a nine-foot alien woman named Warmonga, who believes him to be The Great Blue.

This episode begins at the cheerleaders' practice, where Ron Stoppable interrupts the practice to announce that, due to his duties as running back for the Middleton Mad Dogs, the team mascot (his former role) has been forced to retire. While Kim tries to console Ron on the loss, Bonnie instead takes Ron's attention to the field, where Jim and Tim Possible are practicing their routine as the new "Middleton Pep Puppies". Needless to say, Ron's not happy at the thought of the Tweebs taking over the new mascots.

Meanwhile, over in prison, Dr. Drakken is still trying to tolerate his cellmate Frugal Lucre, as the two are playing a game of checkers. Their game is interrupted by a strange green light that breaks through the ceiling and lifts Drakken into the air.

Drakken's escape doesn't go unnoticed, for Wade tips Kim off to his break out. Witnesses report sightings of a green-skinned woman at the scene, which Kim immediately assumes to be Shego. Soon Kim and Ron (the latter still griping about the mascot issue) arrive at a spa in Greece, where Shego's trying to enjoy herself. Despite Kim's incessant asking and fighting, Shego honestly has no clue as to Drakken's escape, and was nowhere near the prison at the time.

As it turns out, Drakken's releaser isn't anyone he knows or even of this planet. The culprit's an alien warrior named Warmonga, from the planet Lorwardia. She had come to Earth to break Drakken out of prison, for she and her people believe that he's "The Great Blue" who will lead her people to good success. When Drakken asks how she knows it's him, Warmonga reveals the source of her belief: Drakken's ill-fated music video (from Rappin' Drakken). Although skeptical at first, Drakken agrees to Warmonga's help upon hearing of the alien technology at her disposal.

Later, at Kim's house, Ron[s trying to intimidate the Tweebs into doing the mascot job by his rules, but with little success. Kim, however, is trying to figure out exactly who broke Drakken out. At Drakken's old lair, Drakken's utterly appalled at how much disrepair his lair has fallen into in his absence. Warmonga, however, uses her technology to create a newer, more high-tech lair in its place, much to Drakken's glee. While Kim's trying to console Ron on letting the mascot issue go, Drakken and Warmonga get a visit from Shego, who doesn't appreciate being replaced. Despite her skill, Shego is no match for Warmonga and is imprisoned.

Eventually, the scene shifts to the football field, with Kim cheering and blowing a kiss to Ron, Ron running the ball, and, much to Ron's dismay, the fans cheering for the Tweebs. Kim's cheering is cut short when Drakken delivers his newest threat to her via Kimmunicator (with Shego heckling and trying to get Warmonga to do the same). Seeing as how Ron is needed on the field, Kim decides to go alone. However, Ron's still feeling dejected over the Tweebs stealing his former glory. Kim manages to convince Ron that the Tweebs aren't just cheering for the fans, but for him and his team as well. Ron, feeling better about himself, attempts to share a kiss with her, only for Wade to show up (in person) to deliver Kim's super-suit (now fixed from Dementor's sabotage in Ill Suited, plus with a new stealth camouflage ability).

Kim arrives at Drakken's new and improved lair undetected, thanks to her stealth camo, but quickly learns of Warmonga's might. Kim's nearly beaten to a pulp when Shego blasts through her restraints and begins to fight the delusional alien woman. Between Kim and Shego's combined skill, Warmonga's beaten, and Drakken's new lair collapses almost as quickly as it was built. Before Warmonga can continue the fight, a nearby TV monitor turns on and reveals the "Great Blue", who orders Warmonga to leave Earth (it's really just one of the Tweebs in his mascot outfit, colored blue). Disgusted as how Drakken lied to her, Warmonga throws Drakken out to sea and flies away.

As the dust settles, Kim wonders how the others learned about Warmonga. Shego provides the answer by tossing Kim her Kimmunicator. Turns out, Shego tipped off Wade to the situation, which allowed him to work out a plan with the Tweebs. Desiring to get back to her vacation, Shego leaves, but warns Kim that they'll meet again. But Kim's not afraid.

As the sun sets on the football field, Ron acknowledges the Tweebs as worthy successors to the Middleton Mad Dog and hands them a can of banana cream foam, which he used in his old suit as a gimmick. With everything set correctly, Kim and Ron walk off into the sunset, hand in hand.

Grande Size Me

Ron becomes freaked out after he's told by the guidance counselor that he has to take Health Class, since he'll be the only senior in a class full of Freshman. Kim asks him why he never took it during Freshman Year and Ron claims that he had "other priorities", in reality just standing outside the school using a paddle ball set.

Unfortunately, the teacher while eating fruit slipped on a banana peel, so Steve Barkin takes over for the class, much to Ron's chagrin. The first lesson is about good eating, and Ron becomes enraged after Barkin says that it's bad to eat at Bueno Nacho everyday yelling out loud the word "LIES".

Ron later discusses his frustration with Kim later at Bueno Nacho saying that he's a picture of health, and at the same time his stomach begins to hurt. Kim says that he could stand to make his diet healthier, causing Ron to think that she's been talking to Barkin. Kim points out that she's just eating one of Bueno Nacho's new salads and offers Ron a bite. Ron wonders where the meat and hand-pumped cheese is, and Kim points out that it's a salad which means lettuce, tomato, and dressing. Ron then decides to prove Kim and Barkin wrong by changing his diet so that he'll eat nothing but Bueno Nacho food from hereon. He walks up to the counter where Ned asks him if he wants to try one of their new enchiladas. Ron refuses and asks Ned for a classic chimarito combo and asks him this time to "Grande Size Me". Ned asks Ron if he's sure because that would include a lot of extra beans and rice, but Ron says he's sure.

Meanwhile at HenchCo industries, Jack Hench realizes that he needs a new product to demonstrate for their third quarter lineup. He asks one of his scientists how work on their super-soldier project Project Titan is going. The scientist calls it a work in progress, and when Hench asks how progress is going the scientist says "not working". Hench then asks about a computer virus, which the scientist says was wiped out by another computer virus. Hench then asks about an invention called the Molecular Transducer, to which the scientist says works but is somewhat clunky. Hench orders the scientist to push "clunky" as a new feature and to get it ready for a demonstration.

Later in Health Class, Mr. Barkin demonstrates the wheel of good eating and points out all of its major components, which causes Ron to point out "nature's perfect food, the Naco" has most of those components. Barkin then points out that nature wouldn't have put in more fat than a stick of butter,

Later at Bueno Nacho, as Kim eats another salad Ron shows her his week's supply of nacos, chimaritos, and quesadillas. Kim also notices Rufus holding a camera and asks Ron what it is for, with Ron saying it's for recording his little experiment for future generations. Kim then turns the camera towards her and says to eat good and feel good, prompting Ron to immediately shut down the camera and say that this is his project, not hers. A series of scenes for the video are then shown with the following content.

Scene 1: Ron tries to catch up with Kim and Monique heading to class, but becomes tired and out of breath and leans against a locker.
Scene 2: At his job at Smarty Mart, Ron is shown by Mr. Barkin a bunch of Hamsters inside a cage with lettuce and other veggies in place of wood shavings. Mr. Barkin shows how the hamsters are active and happy because they're eating their vegetables. Ron becomes swayed at first, but then realizes what Barkin is doing and accuses him of trying to teach on Smarty Mart time. Barkin claims he wasn't since he was on break and walks away, but Ron still says he's telling the manager on him.
Scene 3: Ron points out to Kim that Bueno Nacho has breakfast items and that he could practically live there. Kim points out that he does practically live there and leaves saying that they'll be late for school, causing Ron to tell Ned to make his order to go. Ned asks him if he wants to Grande Size that, and Ron asks Ned if he really has to ask.
Scene 4: Ron tries getting into his pants in the locker room but fails, causing him to think that they must've shrunk. This causes Rufus to blink his eyes in confusion.
Scene 5: Ron asks Ned for a Number 12 combo at Bueno Nacho, but Ned points up that the combos only go up to 7 and that there is no Number 12. Ron then says that there is if he puts together a Number 3, Number 2, and Number 7.
Scene 6: Ron catches the ball at football practice, and when he runs his pants rip (offscreen), much to his chagrin, where he then gets tackled by several members of the team.
Scene 7: Ron one again tries to catch up with up with Kim and Monique, but is much fatter and collapses en route with him then asking Rufus to stop the camera.
Later in Health Class, Mr. Barkin says that they're moving on from diet to exercise. He notices Ron asleep at his desk and asks him what his problem is, causing the entire class to laugh. Barkin wakes up Ron and notices a Diablo Hot Sauce packet near his seat and realizes exactly what Ron has been doing. He then takes Ron to the front and points out to the class that every year there is one student who mocks the curriculum by downing nothing but junk food. Barkin says that Ron is a perfect example of what an unbalanced diet looks like, and the students try to look away in disgust, but Barkin orders them to look at Ron and pokes him in his fat stomach. He then asks Ron if he has shortness of breath, which Ron has but tries to say he doesn't. He asks Ron how his reaction time is, Ron doesn't respond. He asks Ron if he's sleeping more than usual, then interrupts Ron before he answers saying he has witnesses. Ron then insists there's nothing wrong with his reaction time. Barkin then points out that Ron's clothes are getting a bit snug, which is all but confirmed as Rufus struggles to get out of Ron's pocket. Ron instead attributes this to Rufus having let himself go.

Later at Bueno Nacho, Ron sits down with a large amount of food and asks Kim if she's tired of eating like a rabbit. Kim brushes this off as she says Ron is eating like a pig. Ron takes this as an insult and says that Kim may have crossed a line, with Rufus agreeing with him. Kim then sarcastically remarks what she said is totally unfair to pigs. Wade then calls up and mentions that something big is happening at HenchCo, with Kim remarking that something big is happening there too, prompting Ron to say that she crossed another line. Wade says HenchCo is auctioning off a weapon so major that it's gotten the attention of every major villain Kim has faced off with. Kim orders Ron to come with her and he gathers up his food, and despite having a ton of it left asks if they can hit the drive thru on the way out.

At HenchCo, an audience made up of Dr. Drakken, Shego, Senor Senior Senior and Senor Senior Junior, Monkey Fist, DNAmy, Professor Dementor, Duff Killigan, and even Gemini are in the auction room. Hench introduces the Molecular Transducer, which his assistant says features a hip new clunky design. This causes fake applause to come from speakers, causing Drakken to openly question where the applause is coming from as no one is clapping.

Meanwhile, Kim and Ron are sneaking through the air ducts and Kim notices that Ron is eating again, with him saying that he found another Burrito stuck somewhere but Kim cuts him off before he can say where saying she doesn't want to know. She reminds Ron to keep focused as she heard the applause.

Hench says clunky means it is easy to use and demonstrates the Transducer on a 2ft thick solid-steel vault door. He then calls up Killigan and asks him to kick it. Killigan does and his foot goes right through it, wowing the audience. Hench then says that the Transducer weakened the door to the consistency of a tortilla chip, before firing on the door again. In disbelief, Drakken steps up to kick the door himself, but fails and injures his foot causing the audience to laugh at him. Hench explains that the Transducer also changes things back to their original consistency.

Meanwhile, back in the air ducts, Ron makes a remark about how the Air ducts appear smaller, and Kim points out it may have something to do with the fact that Ron started Grande Sizing every meal at Bueno Nacho. Ron once again feels insulted, but before he can fight back, he falls through the duct into a large vat labeled Project Titan which becomes activated. The warning label alerts all the villains and they all notice Kim in the air duct, worrying her as there are a lot of villains to deal with.

Kim busts out of the vents and begins to fight, while Hench offers a lifetime discount to whomever nabs her. At the same time, Ron frees himself from Project Titan, now compromised, and notices that the liquid tastes a lot like butterscotch. Kim continues to fight and beat up more villains, and an irritated Hench ups his offer with free coffee and bagels every Monday. Killigan likes this and launches a large amount of exploding gold balls at her, but she is able to knock them into a group of henchmen. Ron then shows up and proclaims he's ready to fight, but is out of breath before they even start. Dr. Drakken notices that something's different about Ron, while Killigan is shocked and asks Ron what he's done to himself and that he looks ghastly. Monkey Fist says that Ron should really take better care of himself. Kim gets the Transducer and asks Wade to send her her car, which he does as it crashes through the wall. Kim and Ron are able escape with the Transducer, making Hench very angry.

Later at School, Kim remarks to Wade how she needs to get the Transducer to Global Justice before Hench's goons come looking for it, and Wade says he'll set it up. He also asks if he should get Ron a personal trainer, but Kim believes Ron will eventually come around. Ron then appears, now obese and taller than Kim, where she asks if he's alright and he says that he's never felt better. Kim remarks how she thinks he is taller, and Ron says it's an unexpected bonus of his Bueno Nacho miracle diet. He then tries to get Kim to admit he was right and she and Barkin were wrong, after which he makes sure Rufus was recording that which he was.

As Ron walks, the ground shakes with each step, and his head hits the top of the door frame in Barkin's class due to his new height. He remarks to Barkin that he thinks someone lowered his door, and Barkin becomes absolutely horrified at what Ron has turned into. Ron tries to sit as his desk, but it collapses the instant he sits down, and Barkin demands to know what's happened to him. Ron says that Barkin's worst nightmare has happened, which Barkin out loud says involves Abe Lincoln and Pool Sharks. Ron says that's not it, but rather where he provides conclusive proof that his wheel of good eating is an attempt to brainwash impressionable freshman. This prompts Barkin to say that he will make sure that by the end of the course, Ron will be following the wheel of good eating like the latest plotline of Agony County, but Ron scoffs that remark and turns his head away from Barkin.

Later in the Cafeteria, Ron is eating everything he can find and asks if Monique is going to eat her meal, with Monique pointing out that she can't even identify what it is. Ron takes this as a yes and takes her tray. Kim points out that it's mystery meat, but Ron takes her tray and says that all meat is the same. Monique then replies that her appetite is gone, and Kim points out that the one benefit of this is that cafeteria food contains balanced nutrition if you don't mind grey food. Bonnie then comes over and reminds Kim that when jocks bulk up, it's supposed to mean muscle. Ron then asks her if she's going to eat her meal, causing Kim to put her hand on her face in frustration.

Later as Kim and Monique are working at Club Banana, Ron signals his presence through his rumbling footsteps, and bangs his head against the top of the door frame when he enters. Ron is even bigger and offers Kim and Monique some mini corn dogs. Kim reminds Ron that he's supposed to heat those up first, but Ron says that they can't always follow cooking directions and that they're crunchier frozen before eating a few more. Monique then points out that no food or drink is allowed in the store, so Ron shakes the box he's carrying and eats the last few in one gulp. He then remarks how a donut would be great right now. He asks if either of them want anything from the food court, and the two of them shake their heads as he leaves. As he leaves, he hits his head on the door again, causing him to once again wonder what's up with the doors.

Back at HenchCo, Hench orders his men to keep Kim under surveillance saying that she'll eventually lead them to the Transducer, but they have to be careful as the other villains will also try to get their hands on it. The scientist gives an update on Project Titan, saying that the mutation formula will only work if the subject has been exposed to extreme amounts of saturated fat, cholesterol, and preservatives. Hench realizes that they would have to need nothing but Cow and Chow, or Bueno Nacho. The scientist also points out that even if they could find someone who eats that badly, they wouldn't end up with the ultimate henchman. When he shows Hench what they would end up with, Hench becomes frightened and says that he would not wish that on his worst enemy.

Later at Bueno Nacho, Rufus loses a nacho eating contest to Ron, who is even larger and consuming enormous amounts of food while eating with Kim. A small boy named Josh says Ron eats funny, because he's no longer chewing his food, causing Ron to get offended and tell Josh to "mind his own beeswax". Kim says that Ron needs to stop this, as what he's doing isn't healthy for him or them as a couple and even Rufus agrees with her on this. Ron says he has something to prove her, and Kim leaves for her appointment with Global Justice. She asks Ron if he is coming, but he says he'll meet up with her when he's done eating. Rufus gives Ron an angry look, and Ron tells him not give him that look causing Rufus to look away, and says that goes for Josh too. Kim leaves, but is unknowingly followed by Dementor, Drakken, Monkey Fist, and Killigan.

Ron finishes eating, then notices one final chimarito and eats it. This becomes the final catalyst for Project Titan to activate, and Ron mutates into a 15 foot tall hulk-like creature with an enormous appetite, much to everyone's shock. As the customers flee the restaurant, Ron declares that he's hungry and begins eating all the food in the restaurant. He eats some salad, but spits it out in disgust and declares that he hates salad. Ned then tells Ron to snap out of it saying it isn't like him, but Ron pushes him aside and begins to chug the melted cheese which Ned says is like him.

Meanwhile, Kim loads the Transducer into her car, while Jim and Time ask her to take them to the mall. Kim says she can't, but they snatch the Kimmunicator and ask Wade where the meeting is and he replies that it is at the gas station near the mall. Kim reluctantly takes the two of them along with her. At the same time, Ron busts through the roof of Bueno Nacho and races off to find more food.

Kim is driving and the twins notice that they're being followed by Drakken who demands that she hand over the Transducer. The twins then use it to turn Drakken's hovercraft into feathers, which they say they knew how to do because they have a similar but much cooler Transducer at their home; theirs makes smoothies.

Ron travels up a hill and sees a massive donut shaped sign for a donut place and mistakes it for a real donut. He tries to bite down on it twice, but it hurts his teeth. Angry, he jumps on top of it and the sign collapses with the donut part rolling down a nearby hill. Ron then chases the donut sign down the hill asking it to come back.

Kim goes under a bridge and becomes cornered by Kiligan and Hench's goons. At the same time, the donut sign crushes Killigan's ride and leaps over the bridge, followed soon after by Ron who crushes Hench's goons. Kim realizes what's happening and contacts Wade about what to do. Wade says that they need to feed him the five food groups to change him back to normal, and the twins are more than happy to help out as it's every freshman's dream to force feed vegetables to a senior (with an added benefit of this being a mutant senior). Kim agrees as long as they don't hurt him.

Ron finds a Cow and Chow burger restaurant and reaches inside to eat all of its burgers. Kim arrives at the scene and the tweebs launch bran muffins and whole wheat pasta into his mouth. This makes him even angrier and he begins to run after them. As Kim tries to get away, she is bumped by Professor Dementor's henchmen who Ron angrily shoves off the road. As Ron gets closer, the tweebs launch carrots into his mouth with a bazooka. Kim is forced to stop because Gemini has the road blocked, so she turns around and goes the other way with Gemini following her. She avoids Ron, but Gemini and his henchmen crash into his leg, prompting him to walk off. Kim then realizes that Ron isn't chasing them and turns around to find him.

Ron begins rampaging around a mini-golf course, and Kim tries to stop him saying she doesn't have time for this. Just then, Monkey Fist and his Monkey Ninja's surround Kim. Ron notices them and declares that he hates monkeys before heading over to smash them. Monkey Fist orders the monkey ninjas to attack Ron, but he knocks them off with one blow. Monkey Fist says he's impressive but that brute strength is no match for Tai Singh Pei Qua. He tries to attack Ron in many places but fails to even phase him, he realizes that he's way in over his head and gets knocked across the golf course by Ron. As Ron comes back to finish him off, Monkey Fist runs away in fear.

Jim and Tim mention that the next item is Meat, Fish, Poultry, and Eggs as Ron corners Monkey Fist atop a fake Empire State Building. Jim and Tim hit eggs into his mouth like golf balls, but he gets angry and chases them to a nearby clown statue. Ron declares that he hates clowns while Kim launches a chicken into his mouth. Thinking the clown did it, Ron begins to smash the clown statue.

Jim uses a donut on a fishing line to lure Ron to a boat statue where Tim launches a strawberry into his mouth. Tim attempts to launch grapes into his mouth, but Ron dodges them. Kim then takes the grapes and puts them in one of her guns and fires them one by one into Ron's mouth. This marks all 5 groups entirely and causes Ron to change back to normal, but he loses his pants again. The Global Justice agent then arrives for the Transducer and Kim remarks that it's in the car.

Later on, Kim asks Ron what he's learned. Ron says that some of the stuff of the wheel actually is healthy, but Kim says that's not enough. Ron then says the lesson was that eating a balanced diet will keep you from turning into a mutated maniac. Kim says that it's something like that and the two of then smile and hold each other as the episode ends.

During the end credits, Ron breaks the fourth wall by talking to the audience about the need to stay away from being mutated as it isn't always reversible, but several other students see him and become confused at who he's talking to. This prompts Barkin to send him to the office.

Clothes Minded

When Kim's usual mission attire is no longer available for purchase at Club Banana, she winds up trying to look for a new one, all while worrying about college admissions, which become a problem since she has been accepted into dozens and doesn't want to disipoint either of her parents when they express a desire for her to attend their old institures of higher education.

As Barkin is talking to Kim about her avoiding their their college application meeting, Ron asks when his college meeting is. Barkin scoff's and Ron is angry to find out that no college is interested in getting him to attend. Probably due to his poor grades and slacking off during high school.

Big Bother

Ron finds himself with his hands full caring for a sack of flour for a school assignment. But looking after a bag of flour is no comparison to looking after an unexpected addition to his family - his new baby sister Hana. While Ron is left to babysit his two new responsibilities, Kim pursues Monkey Fist, who is searching for three stone keys which promise to lead him to a mysterious ultimate weapon.

Fashion Victim

A trio of fashion-obsessed criminals, the Fashionistas, seek to make off with Club Banana's newest fashion designs. Having allied with them to assist with their plan, Camille Leon also takes the opportunity to get revenge on Kim by framing her for the theft. With Ron currently putting up with Mr. Barkin, who also works at Smarty Mart, her last hope lies in Monique.

Odds Man In

Ron decides to make some crime-fighting calculations to see how much of a danger he is to Kim during their missions. Meanwhile, Drakken hires Hank Perkins as a corporate consultant, who helps him begin his latest take-over-the-world scheme to bring forth the next Ice Age, but the team quickly becomes side tracked with their supposed cover job of selling cupcakes.

Stop Team Go

When Shego arrives at Middleton High School as a new substitute, Kim's shocked to learn that her old rival is actually acting nice for once. However, it's not a voluntary decision on Shego's part. Rather, she and her brothers, Team Go, have been affected by their old enemy Electronique and her newly-stolen Attitudinator.

Electronique, an old villain of Team Go's, breaks out of prison and captures the superheroes (plus Shego). To revenge herself on them, she zaps them with a modified Attitudinator (first seen in "Bad Boy"), to turn them into her evil henchmen. Having been in prison, though, Electronique is unaware that Shego has gone bad and therefore accidentally turns the former supervillainess good.
Taking the name Miss. Go, Shego gets a job at Middleton High School (she apparently has a degree in child development). She quickly enters into a romantic relationship with Mr. Barkin and becomes good friends with Kim, with whom she has a lot in common.

Meanwhile, Team Go is wreaking havoc back in Go City, under the direction of Electronique. Kim, Ron, and Shego travel to Go City to stop them, which leads to much confusion when Electronique gets a little trigger-happy with the attitudinator, causing heroes and villains to switch sides at random. Eventually, (and after a brief reappearance of Ron's evil side), Team Go is returned to normal. They put Electronique back in prison (though Ron, while playing with the attitudinator, turns her good, because he was annoyed by her constant revenge ranting), and Shego says she wants to tell Kim something that she couldn't back when she was evil.

Unfortunately, before she can reveal anything, Ron drops the attitudinator, which zaps Shego, turning her back to normal. Before he is able to fix it, Drakken (who has spent the entire episode attempting to open a pickle jar) appears and accidentally, knocks over a light post, breaking the device. Shego returns to being his sidekick again, although she seems to regret the loss of her friendship with Kim.

Dr. Drakken is attempting to find a way to open a pickle jar, due to Shego not being present to open it for him. He tries many many methods (including a gigantic laser cannon) in an attempt to open it, only to have them fail each time. When Shego returns at the end of the episode, she easily opens the jar, after which Drakken tries to save face by claiming that he'd already loosened it.

Cap'n Drakken

Kim, Ron and the rest of the Middleton High seniors go on a senior-class trip to a historic seaport where Drakken opens a treasure chest and becomes possessed by a pirate's spirit.

Kim and the other seniors go on a trip to historical seaport run by Mr. Barkin's father. There they lose access to all electronics such as cellphones - including the Kimmunicator. They have to work like they did back in the 1700s - making horseshoes, churning butter, and getting eggs. Meanwhile Dr. Drakken becomes possessed by the spirit of the pirate Black-eye Brown after opening a sea-buried treasure chest.

Mathter and Fervent

A freak altercation with Team Go's number-focused foe, the Mathter, leaves Ron affected by his power. Now, Ron's destroying everything he touches, and Kim and Hego need to do something. Meanwhile, Ron's dad is trying to prove himself to his son that he can be as much a hero to him as Kim.

The Mentor of Our Discontent

Ron is stuck with mentoring Artie, a rebellious teenage who happens to be the son of Ron's employer, Mr. Martin Smarty himself. Meanwhile, Frugal Lucre asks Drakken to mentor him in the art of evil.

Martin Smarty gives Ron a new job at Smarty Mart -- be a role model for his rebellious son, Artie. Meanwhile, Drakken and Frugal Lucre team up to take over the world by taking control of Smarty Mart's new shelf-stocking robots, and now Ron, Kim, and Artie must stop them from wrecking Smarty-mart.

Oh No! Yono!

After discovering Hana walking on the ceiling, Kim and Ron try to get to the bottom of Hana's secrets. Soon, they are called by Master Sensei and Yori, who ask Kim, Ron and Hana to save their community once more. Meanwhile, Monkey Fist finds an ally in Yono the Destroyer as he continues his search for the "secret weapon".

Personal Storyline
Ron is trying to teach his little sister Hana the basic toddler things, but it proves much tougher than he can handle. While on the phone, Kim warns him NOT to let her out of his sight, but after a few moments the living room is in chaos, including hand and footprints on the ceiling. Ron worries he can't handle Hana well enough, but Kim encourages him not to give up.

At first Kim doesn't believe Hana walking on the ceiling, but when she offers to help Ron babysit Hana, he proves her right - Hana bounces off the ceiling, tramples along the furniture, and destroys the whole living room which luckily they manage to clean up before Ron's parents show up.

Meanwhile Monkeyfist is sulkily trying to grapple the fact that he has been defeated by "a mere infant", namely Hana, while searching for second half of a scroll revealing the location of the temple of "Yono the destroyer", which he believes will help him seek the "weapon" for power. After Kim and Ron deal with Hana's unbelievable energy, Kim becomes curious as to who handled Hana's adoption, however, they are shortly interrupted by Ron's parents and Wade, who tells them that Monkeyfist is trying to steal the second part of the scroll at a Museum. Kim and Ron rush to the scene, only to find that the ninja monkeys are hurling priceless items at the floor to break them. Monkeyfist dusts the scroll and escapes, leaving a frustrated Ron and Kim to head home, luckily, Wade manages to access a copy of the scroll. While home, the couple decides to trace Hana's adoption agency, leading to a Pet store and a punk looking girl who tells them the adoption agency doesn't exist anymore, but promptly shows them junkmail sent to the last tenant.

They find out the adoption agency was called "The Yamanouchi Adoption Agency" and immediately head to the Yamanouchi Ninja School to find out more. There they learn that Sensei had placed Hana into Ron's family to prepare her for a showdown with the Yono.

Monkeyfist unearths the temple of the Yono, and decides to give up everything to follow the path of the Yono. While the Yono marches to school, indicating that he has some history with the school, Ron almost breaks down at knowing the fact he had left his baby sister unprepared and vulnerable to being killed by the destroyer. Sensei encourages him to take a while alone with Hana, and he leaves with Hana, unaware that Monkeyfist and his Ally have reached the school and are preparing to destroy it. Sensei notes that the time has come for the showdown.

Meanwhile Ron is down by the springs with Hana, where he discovers that his sister was "secretly" learning everything already.
Back at the ninja academy, Kim, Sensei, Yori, and Rufus are anticipating the arrival of the Yono. The Yono arrives and Kim provokes Monkeyfist, eventually making Monkeyfist realize that the weapon - "Han" was actually Hana, Ron's baby sister. Kim and Yori, but the Yono effortlessly tosses them away, and petrifies (or stonefies) Rufus, Sensei and Kim, leaving Yori to warn Ron. When Ron arrives, he sees the temple of the Yono, and Kim's petrified statue and gets furious at Monkeyfist, but Yono nearly petrifies him, and the Ninja monkeys bind him together in ropes, leaving Hana to the final showdown.

The Yono tries to destroy Hana, but Ron's video player comes out of his pockets as he tries to shake free of Monkey Fist's Monkey Ninjas and The Flippies begins playing. Hana dances and jumpes around effortlessly, avoiding the flash of Yono's power. After Hana lands on Monkeyfists face and knocks him down unconscious the Yono accepts his defeat and agrees to stop to teach Monkeyfist the path of the Yono, reversing the petrification.
Kim and Ron briefly kiss before being interrupted by Hana. As Kim asks "Where's Monkeyfist?" Ron points out that Monkeyfist has been petrified and seemingly made a "pupil" (or Guardian) of the Yono. The episode ends with Han running around the ceiling again.

Clean Slate

During a fight with Drakken and Shego, Kim gets amnesia and loses all her memories. Ron now takes on the task of getting her back to her usual self. Meanwhile, Drakken comes up with a plan to turn the military into his slaves. It annoys Ron that Kim can remember almost everything except that she and Ron are dating.

The episode opens with Drakken and Shego haven stolen nanotronium, the smallest, most powerful energy source in the world. Drakken's glory is cut short when Kim swings onto the hovercar and snatches the nanotronium away. Ron, meanwhile, is tangled in his grapple line. Shego fights Kim to get the mini energy source back. In the fight, Kim and Shego hit the hovercar's steering levers, causing it's speed to increase. Ron manages to climb aboard and pick up the nanotronium. Rufus then hits the steering levers to cause the hovercar to spin. Kim and Ron jump off while Drakken and Shego continue their dizzying ride. Ron feels proud of himself until he notices he lost his pants again.

At the mall, Kim tells Monique it isn't a big thing that she and Ron have been dating for six months, but Monique (who call it a half-iversary) thinks different. Kim does have a gift for Ron thought- a belt made by Wade and reinforced with flexible titanium so that Ron's pants would no longer be an issue. Ron arrives and the two are about to go to Kim's mother's hospital to cheer up the kids there. Before leaving, Kim gives Ron the belt. Ron says he doesn't need it, but reconsiders after a passing cart rips away his pants.

Shego comes into the lair to discover Drakken still in his pajamas, looking for a piece of paper on which he wrote a 'foolproof' plan that came to him in his sleep. Drakken can't find the paper and is unable to remember what he was dreaming. On the t.v, a scientist unveils his invention- the M.R.M or Memory Recovery Machine, which can restore anyone's lost memories. Drakken decides to steal the device for himself to remember his plan. To Shego's dismay, he starts using cards to keep track of his ideas.

At the hospital, the kids are happy to see Kim, Ron, and especially Rufus. Meanwhile, Drakken and Shego break into a nearby lab and grab the M.R.M, but before they can leave, they are discovered by the inventor. Rufus is showing off for the kids when they hear an explosion caused by Shego. While Kim fights Shego, Ron tries to grab the M.R.M away from Drakken, but they drop it and the power cell falls out. Drakken then shoves the power cell in backwards. Kim grabs the M.R.M away from Drakken just as it explodes. Drakken and Shego escape while Ron asks Kim if is okay, only she doesn't know her own name. With the power cell in backwards, the M.R.M has given Kim complete amnesia.

At the Possible house, Kim's parents plan to restore Kim's memories while her brothers take advantage of her loss of memory by dressing her funny, much to her parents displeasure. Kim's father shows her a video containing compressed version of Kim's life as well as clips from Kim's least favorite show, Captain Constellation.

With Kim's memories of crimefighting gone, Shego takes advantage of the situation and begins a series of heist. She returns to the lair to discover Drakken sleeping. Slamming the door, Shego wakes Drakken up. Drakken has recalled the plan from his dream and has written what he remembers down on a card. Shego finds the information on the card baffling: sandwiches, trains, mind-control, and green men.

Ron arrives at the Possible house the next morning to pick up Kim, who has recovered most of her basic memory. To Ron's dismay, Kim doesn't remember they are dating. Ron tries to prove to Kim he's her boyfriend by giving her a bouquet of flowers, but she mistakens it for a salad.

At school, Ron gives Kim a tour of the school and the run into Monique. Ron tells Monique Kim's making progress, but she still doesn't recall relationships she has. To Ron's surprise (and displeasure), Kim instant remembers meeting Monique.

Shego comes back to the lair from her latest heist and finds Drakken in his lab, concentrating his leftover brainwashing shampoo into a mind-control serum for the final phase of his plan. Despite Drakken saying the plan is foolproof, Shego thinks it's anything but.

Ron takes Kim to Bueno Nacho, where she recalls everything there. Ron is upset that is Kim remembering everything except the fact that they are dating. Ron shows Kim a photo of them on their first date (at the prom). Kim then recalls when Ron called her about his dream where they where at the dance and Kim melted. She then believes that Ron was dreaming that they were dating. Ron attempts to correct Kim when her watch starts beeping. When Kim asks why it was doing that, Ron reintroduces her to Wade, who tells them about Shego's crime spree. Kim suggests they call the proper authorities, but Ron grabs her wrist and explains about Kim's crimefighting on their way.

Kim and Ron arrive at the store Shego just robbed. Despite her remembering Shego, Kim doesn't recall how to fight her, so when Shego attacks, Ron intervenes. While Ron dodges Shego's attacks, Kim signs an autograph for one of her fans.

Back at school, Wade has Kim participate in cheer practice to help her remember her fighting skills. Ron tells Kim to ignore Bonnie's remarks and she'll be find. Kim does pretty sloppy at first, causing Bonnie to comment that she knew this would happen when she started dating "Nacoboy". Ron claims that he is Nacoboy, but Kim remembers what Ron told her and ignores Bonnie, frustrating Ron. Determined to show Bonnie, Kim recalls her cheerleading skills and does the routine perfectly.

In the mountains, Drakken and Shego are watching a passing train. Thanks to an emergency caused by Drakken, everyone on board jumps out. On the train, they discover thousands of sandwiches for hungry soldiers. Drakken plans to add his mind-control serum to the sandwiches, allowing him to control the entire military. Before Drakken can add the serum, Kim and Ron appear. Kim recalls everything except one little detail Ron has tried everything to restore. Due to Drakken's foolishness, the train will explode. Shego abandons Drakken. Kim tells Ron to fix the engine while she deals with Drakken. Drakken changes his plan, insteading of using it on the sandwiches, he'll use it on Kim.

In the engine room, Ron and Rufus try effortlessly to fix the bypass, but no luck. On top of the train, Kim takes the mind-control serum from Drakken and ducks as the train goes into a tunnel, causing Drakken to fall off. Kim heads into the engine room to shutdown the engine, but is blocked when the steam vent busts. Kim tells Ron to close the vent. Ron throws his new belt over the pipe. The flexible titanium allows him to squeeze the vent shut. With her way clear, Kim is able to shutdown the train. Without his belt, Ron's pants instantly fall off. Seeing this, Kim recalls all the times that Ron has lost his pants. Strangely, this allows her to recall her final missing memory- she loves Ron Stoppable. As his girlfriend hugs him. Ron says "Now THIS is a memory". Elsewhere, Shego is hunched over Drakken with a card of her own: "Dr. D fails".

Ending Credits: Kim and Ron are watching Captain Constellation while Kim wonders why she knows every episode, yet she hates the show, not knowing her father had her watch three compressed seasons while her memory was returning.

Homecoming Upset

Kim is unable to share in Ron's joy at being crowned homecoming king because newly-single Bonnie cheats her way into becoming queen, and seems intent on making Ron her next boyfriend. Also, later Bonnie is invited to come on the mission where she meets Junior for the first time and falls in love.

At school on the field Ron wins another game for the mad dogs. Then he is crowened homecoming king and Kim was going to win homecoming queen until… Bonnie cheated!

Chasing Rufus

After both Ron Stoppable and shallow Camille Léon leave their beloved pets behind during a fight, Rufus and Debutante go on an adventure, playing a little game of cat and mouse, traversing continents, and finding new friends, all to find their respective owners.

Nursery Crimes

When the mysterious and creepy Nanny Maim begins reverting people into super babies and using them in a worldwide robbing spree, Kim must use her natural babysitting skills to save the day.

Larry's Birthday

Kim needs to keep her cousin Larry busy while her parents and Aunt June plan his surprise birthday party at the Possible house. Kim is not eager to take on the job, as she doesn't understand or share Larry's interests at all. After failing to convince Ron to entertain Larry while she babysits Hana for him, Kim accepts the job of tagging along with Larry on his birthday.

In the end she learns that even though his interests might not appeal to her they do have their virtues and tags along with Larry's belief that his being captured by Dementor was all Kim's idea to ensure he has a great birthday.

Graduation

The episode begins with Kim and Ron on their way to spoil another one of Drakken's plots. This time, Drakken is located somewhere in some snowy mountains. Ron is excited for graduation- mainly because there is no way that he can lose his pants while wearing a gown. Meanwhile, Drakken is busy preparing his latest world domination plot: killer plants. Apparently, he will be able to control the world by commanding an army of mutant plants. He has a backpack thing full of green liquid which he can use to shoot out mutant plants. Just then, Kim and Ron arrive. Drakken tests out his new device, shooting out a bunch of green liquid… which blossoms into a pretty tree full of flowers. There was nothing evil about it. Frustrated, Drakken commands Shego to "do what you do!" as he reconfigures his backpack. Shego and Kim proceed to fight. Drakken finally fixes his backpack- only to find that Rufus has tied the hose part of the backpack up, rendering it useless. Kim then crashes into Drakken, sending him into one of the huge towers of green liquid behind him. It all spills out, leaving Drakken's lair bursting with flowers. The liquid also mutates Drakken… growing pretty, large petals out of his neck. Not that frightening. Kim and Ron escape amidst all of the confusion and head back to Middleton.

Later, Ron is working at Smarty Mart. Seeing Barkin, he starts bragging about how perfect his life currently is. He's the star of the football team, he is dating the most popular girl in school, and he is about to graduate. Barkin then remarks that as a twelfth grader, he used to be just like Ron- but after graduation, his life went downhill. He warns Ron that nothing can last forever and that after graduation Ron's life will also head to downhill. Sightly upset, Ron then heads over to Kim's house. There, he finds her sifting through a mountain of college acceptance letters. While Kim has been getting them for weeks, Ron has not even received any letters yet. This, combined with what Barkin said earlier, freaks Ron out and he leaves.

Dr. Possible is golfing with his friends and brother at the Middleton Country Club. While there, he sees what he assumes to be vandalism on one part of the lawn. The camera then zooms out, and it is revealed that a large, mysterious insignia has been burned into the turf.

When Dr. Possible heads home, he and Kim discover via the news that the strange insignia has been burned into golf courses worldwide. Concluding that golf courses must equal Duff Killigan, Kim grabs Ron and heads out to Killigan's lair. There, they discover that Duff is not the one behind the symbols- in fact, one has been burned into Duff's very own lawn. Strangely, Wade can't seem to get a good signal to talk to Kim. Since he cannot arrange a ride, he sends Kim and Ron back to Middleton by plane. At the airport, Kim notices that her graduation has made the cover of a magazine. Ron's face is halfway in the picture on the magazine- causing him to remark that he is already being pushed out of the picture.

Back at school, Kim and Ron talk with Monique about their excitement for graduation. Or at least, Kim talks - Ron is quiet. It is almost the end of the day, and Barkin has been called in to supervise the Seniors' last hour of high school. Felix, who is the valedictorian, asks Kim to say a few words at graduation. She agrees. During the period, the lights start to flicker. However, Barkin dismisses it as a lame attempt at a twelfth-grade prank - blaming Ron specifically, despite Ron sitting nowhere near the light switches. The last few seconds of school begin to count down… but just as the minute hand on the clock reaches the twelve, there is a sudden power failure. Barkin then gives his own rendition of a school bell, and the twelfth graders rush out, finally free from high school.

After school, Kim and Ron head to Bueno Nacho for some food. There, Ron finally loses it and confides his fears to Kim. She reassures him that graduation is not "the end of the world," but Ron is not completely convinced. Kim then heads home, and she confides to her mother that she too is scared about graduation. Her mom, in turn, reassures her. Outside, Jim and Tim successfully launch a rocket satellite they have built. They plan to use it to watch Kim during her dates.

It turns out that Kim's Nana had flown in for the occasion. Kim's whole family is there to see her leave high school. She goes upstairs to change into her graduation robe. Through a cute montage, we also see Ron getting ready for graduation. After Kim is fully dressed, with her hair in a new style, she and her family head off to graduation. A few seconds after their car pulls away an alien space object crashes down onto their house, destroying it.

Ron is fighting his jitters in the bathroom at school right before graduation. There, Master Sensei appears to him, telling him that his greatest challenge will soon come. Ron does not understand the warning and heads off to join Kim for graduation.

Kim and Ron meet up outside the sports-field, waiting for their graduation ceremony to start. Kim tells Ron that she has a confession to make. But before she can, she and Ron are separated as the Seniors are ordered to sit in alphabetical order.

Back in Drakken's lair, Drakken is trying furiously to rid himself of his mutant petals. Every time he pulls one out, though, they pop back up. Suddenly, an alien object lands beside the lair. The pair go out and take a look, and eventually, a beam of light shoots out from the sky onto Drakken, and he starts rising into the sky.

At graduation, Kim tries to tell Ron something, but he cannot hear her. She is then called up by Felix to speak at the podium. As she begins her speech, a ray of light shoots down from the sky onto her. Just like Drakken, she rises into the sky. Ron runs through the crowd towards the stage and reaches up to try and grab onto her, and he does - but he fails to pull her back down and tumbles to the stage. As soon as the aircraft departs with Kim on board, everyone panics and start fleeing. Mr. Barken is particularly hysterical, yelling "RUN PEOPLE! IT'S THE END OF THE WORLD!". Ron, who remains on the stage and watches the incident, then he lifts his fist in the air and yells "OH, AM I THE ONLY ONE WHO SAW THIS COMING?!"

Kim finds herself inside an alien spaceship, held captive along with Drakken. It turns out Warmonga and her "battlemate", Warhok, have kidnapped them. She and Warhok kidnapped Drakken for deceiving her, and Kim for defeating her. They plan to get revenge by taking control of Earth, Kim and Drakken's home planet….

Everyone (sans Kim) has gathered in the Middleton High School auditorium to regroup. Barkin is crying hysterically, prompting Nana to banish him to the nurse's room. Meanwhile, Ron, Dr. Possible, and Wade are trying to figure out what is happening. The entire world has been taken over by Warmonga and Warhok. They take out the world's electricity, and then proceed to attack with indestructible tripod-like robots. Ron and Dr. Possible rush off to find a rocket to rescue Kim with at the Middleton Space Center.

When Ron and Dr. Possible reach the Space Center, they are confronted by Shego. Shego joins the two as they race inside, using a generator to power the place. When Dr. P informs Shego that she and Ron will be flying the rocket while she stays behind, Shego objects and steals Dr. P's space suit, leaving him in his boxers. Shego and Ron then jet off in the rocket.

As Shego and Ron approach Warmonga's ship in space, they don't know how to get inside. Luckily, Ron figures out how they can enter through the garbage chute. Inside the ship, Kim and Drakken are left alone and imprisoned. Drakken discovers that his mutation can sprout tendrils which obey his commands. Drakken then uses the tendrils to help him and Kim escape. Drakken and Kim run out and meet up with Shego and Ron.

The four run down to the ship's noisy control center. Nobody can figure out how to shut down the ship, until Ron points out the obvious: an off switch. Rufus finds the off switch and turns t off. The ship begins to plummet. Realizing what has happened, Warmonga and Warhok run over to the four and proceed to fight them. During the fight, Warmonga makes the mistake that shego and Drakken a couple- a claim which Shego furiously disputes. A little too furiously. Warmonga then wonders why Shego felt so threatened by Warmonga the first time the alien appeared, and why she jetted into space this time to save him. Before Shego can object again, Ron uses his space suit to blast off and flies off, carrying Drakken. Shego does the same with Kim. Warmonga and Warhok follow on their own gliders. Everyone escapes the ship just as it explodes in Earth's atmosphere, and they fight in midair as they glide to the ground. After landing, Drakken and Shego run off and Kim and Ron are left to fight.

And so a long fight goes on. Just as the good guys appear to be losing, Drakken and Shego return. They had gone back to Drakken's lair, where they grabbed the rest of Drakken's plant goo. Using the goo, Drakken commands his plants to destroy all the alien tripods and capture Warmonga and Warhok. While the plants do destroy the tripods, they are not strong enough to hold the aliens and Warhawk captures Kim. Just then, Sensei appears to Ron. Sensei tells him that Ron is a mystical monkey master and that he should use his powers to save Kim. Ron does just that, glowing blue and fighting off both aliens, flinging Warmonga and Warhok into space, where they collide with their spaceship and possibly die in the explosion. Everyone is left safe.

Graduation finally commences. Kim gladly accepts her diploma from Mr. Barkin and hugs him as thanks. Mr. Barkin hands in the diploma and states to Kim things are going to be boring without her now. Kim admits he still has Jim and Tim, but this doesn't help since the two of them vaporize Barkin's car. As Bonnie goes to get her diploma, Barkin reveals that she skipped all her classes on the last week of school, but Bonnie states that is because nothing important happens in the last week. However Barkin states the only exception to that was his pop quiz which Bonnie missed; thus Bonnie didn't pass, and that makes her one credit short. This means she doesn't graduate and is forced to go to summer school. She believes this is so unfair, but luckily, her boyfriend Junior is there to help her and tells her that his heart will be with her in the stuffy classroom. Ron then gets his diploma from Barkin, but he comes in his space suit instead of his traditional robes for the graduation which Barkin is not happy about though he states to Barkin he has to stick to his essential Ron-ness.

After graduation, Drakken gets rewarded a medal for saving the world and turns to good and is seen speaking in front of an audience, telling them his ideas.
After the speech, his plant tendrils reach out intertwine him with Shego.
Kim and Ron go to a beach party.
Everyone is having fun, except for Bonnie, who is studying for summer school.
Kim, Ron and their friends play volleyball.
Kim hits the ball hard and accidentally hits Bonnie in the head then Senor Senior Junior picks her up and kisses her head and Bonnie hugs him.
Then Kim and Ron jump in Kim's car while everyone waved goodbye. Kim and Ron wave back and Kim tells Ron "Told you that graduation wasn't the end of the world". Ron cups her face, kisses her, and they fly off into the moon-set.

Drakken and Dementor are conversing about the recent events that have happened. Dementor notes the irony in it all as Drakken was terrible at being a mad scientist and doing evil plots but is great at doing things that are good. Drakken doesn't want to talk about any of this and asks for a new topic. Dementor gives in soon and asks Drakken why does he have blue skin. Drakken is glad that Dementor asked that. Drakken then explains it was a funny story (not funny ha ha according to Drakken) that started on Tuesday, but the credits then end before the rest of the story is explained.

